We bought this for our daughter before she was even born.  We have introduced it all along, but now at 12 months she loves it.  This toy is one of her favorites.  It is very durable and portable and just so darn cute!  It also has enough things to do to keep her interest for awhile (plays music, rattles, and the nose squeeks).this camera is not wireless you have to hook it up to your router or computer just like a webcam the only difference is the other computers can see this one but I was thinking you could mount the camera with no wires we have a security camera at work with no wires  and through your router see pictures glad it was just $100mr burton continues his passion for all things gothic and cutely grotesque...an eclectic cast of voices bring great poignancy and breeziness to the whole exercise..with smart tributes thrown in..(the piano depp's character plays is called 'harryhausen'..in homage to the great ray harryhausen)..and the maggot has a strange peter lorre-esqe-ness to it(or is it just me)...ha..all in all a greatly enjoyable fable told with all the luminosity of the wide eyed frizzy hairedness of mr burtons grey cells..This binocular is surprisingly powerful for its size and weight.  Its image is sharp,  magnification is ideal for bird and wildlife observation and width of field sufficient for most applications.  I consider it a good value for its price,  and an ideal gift for a bird watcher.  Its only drawback would be that its not water resistant,  so should not be used in boats,  especially in a saltwater environment.as a recreational runner who enjoys tracking her progress, I LOVE this device.  It's highly customizable, and I like that I can set the screen up to give me all the information that I want (heart rate, avg pace, time into run, and distance) Even though I'm not competitive at all, I love having all this information at my wrist.  The watch is a little on the bulky side, but that is a price that I'm definitely willing to pay.  i am also impressed by how accurate it is despite all the trees that are in my area.I was not expecting this to be so heavy duty, was concerned about how it would handle having a 32" tv attached to it for years. So far no concerns, its rock solid in the wall but still easy to tilt, swing, and push flat depending on what I want to do with it.I travel to many remote and beautiful places in my work and this backpack allows me to take my Nikon as well as my laptop along with me. The compartments of the camera section are easily arranged.  My laptop is kept safe in its compartment and the front pocket leaves plenty of room for files and presentation materials. By rearranging the dividers in the camera compartment I have room for a digital projector, my Nikon and two lenses as well as a speed light and the charger for my laptop. It is an excellent product that allows me the flexibility of working and enjoying my favorite hobby while traveling.This little charger is small, well built, and gets the job done.  I had to recharge a fairly large deep cycle marine battery and this little charger glowed orange until the job was done.  It really does a nice job, quallity all the way.I am amazed at the versitalty of these buds! From Pink Floyd to Bach they deliver true full bodied rich highs and powerful deep bass! They are very comfortable and block outside sound very well for the price. If you are hesitating....take the plunge and buy these buds! You will not be disapointed!Perhaps the ultimate addition to a good camera. I used my camera with a SanDisk Pro Duo (the blue one...) and while most times it was fine, when I needed to take pictures in quick succession - it let me down. The Ultra II is noticably faster. You will not regret buying this.Nice and compact, it works great. I use it on a daily basis to tranfer files, pictures, etc and it does it very fast. It is highly recommeded that you use the neck band or you might have a tough time hunting for it in your bag.It says in the item description "one touch tilt" and 180deg of swivel. It swivels very nicely but, WHERE IS THE @#$%ing TILT??!!!!!! I bought this product because of the company's quality, also because I need it to do both tilt and swivel. "It didn't deliver"!!!! It is useless to me at this point and it's past the 30 days. Thanks, PEERLESS!!!!!This GPS unit does way more than I expected.  I have been using a Garmin eTrex Legend.  This unit is more functional in those situations where heavy tree cover may cause older units a problem getting satelite signals.  I am still learning, but so far very happy.I was worried because these batteries were cheap, noname, and over spec'd (2700 mAh?)  But I have dozens of AA rechargeables and these are the best.  My voltmeter says they're 1.5 - 1.6 volts, not the usual 1.2.  Recommend to anyone.I was worried because these batteries were cheap, noname, and over spec'd (2700 mAh?)  But I have dozens of AA rechargeables and these are the best.  My voltmeter says they're 1.5 - 1.6 volts, not the usual 1.2.  Recommend to anyone.My Canon S3 IS with the conversion adapter and spare batteries and cards fits perfectly. The padding is thick and protects the camera very well. The only problem is that it is very large to be comfortable when carried on your belt, but the only way to avoid this is to change the laws of physics. I carry it in a backpack with the comfidence that the camera will not be damaged by bumping into something.Lo compre para no perderme en unas vacaciones por tierra en Estados Unidos. Excelentes Resultados.This product is a MUST HAVE for any photographer or gamer who needs accurate color in their monitors.  I finally have matching colors on my screen and in my prints!  The automatic adjustment for room light is a neat little feature, it ensures that my screen is accurate in any lighting situation.  You just can't beat the value for the price.The Sansa M250 is perfect for my current needs.  I needed a small, portable MP3 player to carry on my cleaning jobs.  It fit the bill.  Also, it's extremely easy to sync using Windows Media Player, and does not require a lot of extra space on my computer for programs to work with it.  I am very satisfied with this product.Purchased this for my wife, who had traded in a vehicle with built-in navigation for a new vehicle that did not offer a built-in option.  I've also had several vehicles with built-in navigation, including BMW, Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and Lexus.  From a performance perspective, the Nuvi 350 works every bit as well as the built-in units and at a very low price (comparitively).  The only "nits" that I can pick are: 1.) I wish the navigation announcements could be louder - they can easily be drowned out by radio or CD, and unlike built-in systems the Nuvi can't interrupt the audio. 2.) The power cord should be on a retracting reel, like many accessories for laptop computers.  As it is, the long cord is a little clumsy. But overall, the Nuvi 350 is a winner.The services was incredibly faster and I received my purchase a week before than I expected.  I am a 100% happy with the service and defenitely recommend this company to anyone who want things done in quick manner.  I will add this company to my favorite list to shop at. Luis Oquendo 100% customer satisfiedThese are most deffinatly , Worth every dollar. i-Pod ? KICK-ARS' BASS + + +  , And they STAY PUT Nicely. Audiofile Phones !The Opteka Power Grip is suited for my use in photography.  I owned several different Nikon Cameras, one of which is the Nikon D50 Digital SLR.  I suffer with carpal tunnel syndrome in both hands, the extra support that the Opteka Power Grip gives enhance my productivity with the Nikon D50 Digital SLR.  I was amaze after purchashing the D50 I was unable to purchase a power grip and/or motor drive with the D50 when purchased.  With the extention of the Opteka Power Grip connected to the Nikon D50 Digital SLR is most rewarding and productive for my needs.The TuneFM plugs into the bottom of your iPod.  Pick a channel, tune your radio to that channel and you have sounds from your iPod on your radio.  Works well, doesn,t need any power wire to operate (gets power from the iPod) but you can plug a car charger into it and it will charge the iPod also.  Great device.This router is amazing.  It can run a custom firmware called tomato [...] that has a lot of options and a great QOS system.  QOS is what allows you to prioritize traffic so that my little sister doesn't lag up our broadband with her filesharing.I am a home childcare provider and always have babies in my care. The one I care for now is very fussy when he is not eating or sleeping. I wrap him in the kiddopotamus SwaddleMe and he settles down immediately and has the most peaceful sleep. He is 4 months old. Thanks for this wonderful helper!My son is little so it may not be good for larger kids starting to potty train. He's about 27 pounds age 21 months. Get some of those disinfectant wipes and clean it out each time and you're good. (Wear gloves and wash your hands after too.) Fits in a small space in my small bathroom without an issue.I just bought this monitor and i love it. It provide all the important information that an athlete need. But i just don't know why it's not compatible with Polar Precision Software. It's not fare !!! It's replacing my older heart monitor Polar S150. I recomend to all sports fansThis product is well worth the money. It is fast, reliable, and quiet. This has reinforced my faith in Seagate as a leader in data storage technology.This ScanDisk 2 GB Ultra II Memory Stick Pro Duo is fantastic! It works perfectly in my Sony DSC-W1 digital camera. 2 GB is a major upgrade from my 256 MB of memory I'd used. The price offered on this site is unbeatable. I received my delivery in a short time and I'm very satisfied with my purchase.Es un excelente producto y funciona bien. Lo tengo instalado en Costa Rica. Al principio tuve algunos problemas, pero adquir? un nuevo router, de los recomendados por Slingmedia y solicit? a mi proveedor de internet que abrieran los puertos y listo. Cero problemas. Eso s?, se debe de tener acceso a mas 512 kbs, para que se pueda ver bien fuera de casa. Para aquellos que tienen wireless es una bonita opci?n para tener tv en cualquier parte de la casa.Received product quickly and was exactly as represented.  I would deal with seller again.I bought these as a gift for a talented drummer. He complained that he couldn't hear his iPod while drumming (he likes to emulate his favorite percussionists). I own some Ultimate Ears Super.Fi 5 Pros that are noticeably better, but they also cost three times as much. For this price range you won't find better in-ear-monitors.I bought this product for while I was traveling through Europe.  I needed extra battery power for the long train rides when it would be impossiblle to charge the ipod any other way.  With this product I was able to pack some extra batteries and just plug it in when power was running low.  Kept me entertained!Very well-pleased with purchase of GE Slim Spacemaker CD player, with under-counter mounting.  Placed the order on December 22 and received within 7 days.  Was delighted with the prompt delivery dates, especially being this close to Christmas!!  Also, love the CD player...just what I wanted and needed for my kitchen .... does not take up my counterspace!This is the kind of camera you can pull out of the box, pop in the memory card and battery and start taking photos.  The menus and various buttons are obvious and easy to figure out.  It's also sturdy (albeit heavy).  I especially enjoy being able to take rapid sequence photos without an irritating lag between photos.Asi es, la verdad me ha salido buenisimo, la bateria dura lo que debe de durar, aprox unas 8 horas.... Vino en buenas condiciones y es peque?o, cabe en la mano.... Lo recomiendo para corredores de media maraton, acaso piensan gastar 1GB de m?sica en todo el recorrido? lo dudo!This battery backup works great. It's not for jogging or stuffing in your shirt pocket, but for long flights or backpacking trips it can't be beat.This battery backup works great. It's not for jogging or stuffing in your shirt pocket, but for long flights or backpacking trips it can't be beat.Haven't encountered any problem yet so far, calculates route pretty fast, accurate, but if the volume limit can be maxed up higher it will be perfect.Besides the fact that its proven to be the best mp3 player, it plays movies, holds pictures....and so on.  It is a pain to figure out how to get those items on an ipod.  I wouldn't trade it for the generic brands.  But it would be convenient to bypass all the junk to fill the ipod.I've rocked this card ALL OVER the world in both my trusty Sony DSC-T100 AND my heavily weathered PSP.  Movies, photos, video clips a plenty -- Never missed a beat.  I've used in in all climates, from the bitter cold of Dublin in November to the blustery heat of the Udarai Plain in Kuwait for months on end to the arid humidity of India near Summer's end. It's extremely fast, it can handle the T100's 100-shot burst option with EASE! This card can/will appease all of your needs, large or small.  The only thing I need now is the 8GB model or perhaps I should wait for the 16GB.On my 30D (8.2 MP body), I use the 2GB Extreme III card and it has just the right amount of space for shooting in RAW.  But on my 40D (10.1 MP body), I needed more space.  The 4 GB card answered that and for a great price.  Great for night long-exposure shooting in cold temps.This item retails for $10 more, but The First Years Close and Secure Sleeper is more durable.  It also has the baby protected all the way around from top, sides and to the bottom.  The Snuggle Nest doesn't protect the baby at the bottom sides and the bottom.  If you have a baby that happens to wiggle a lot, you may have problems as we did with our son.Very impressed with the Garmin nuvi 350 GPS.  Having approaching streets named is very helpful.  Plus listings of motels, restaurants, etc. adds to it's value as we travel.  Our only complaint is the mounting device.  Most dashboards are of a pebble design - as is ours - so a permanent mounting situation is tricky & not particularly desired.  Would prefer to have the option of mounting it on the interior of the windshield for easy removal when we leave the car.  It isn't wise to advertise there is a GPS in the vehicle.  Thank you.I am not really the photography enthusiast like my wife! however i can assure all that this is a camera with results! we took various types of pictures during the EID Holidays and i can assure u all that when compared to your CyberShots and those simple cameras, this is truly a pro's level camera!This was A christmas gift for my brother. He now has it with him at all times and he is difficult to please. But the color screen is attractive and he seems to be quite pleased with the product.  IT is small and lightweight, but the sound quality is excellent without the snobby ipod priceI recieved this item in time for christmas i was very pleased with that when i presented the gift the person loved it and was very happy with the overall performance of the gift i was very pleased and thankful thanks to amazon for everything and for making my holiday shopping more easier.This is a must-have for any runner or cyclist. It's compact, comfortable and easy to use. Not only does it help you keep a log of your workouts, it helps you analyze your progress. The most used features for me are heart rate, average pace, time elapsed and distance. I use the Motion Based agent to put my activities online so I can view them anywhere. The maps for the Garmin Training Center are not very detailed. The Motion Based agent gives you better, more detailed maps and offers comparison charts for things such as heart rate vs. speed. The Forerunner's GPS does not work well indoors.Soy un usuario un poco mas que amateur y mucho menos que profesional y esta camara me resulta realmente extraordinaria. Una gran cantidad de opciones y lo mas importante con una gran calidad!!! Estoy tomando mi primer curso de fotografia y la verdad cada vez me demuestra que es una gran camara. 100% recomendada.I mounted this to a cinder block wall in my bedroom and was surprised buy how easy it was to accomplish. I have mounted other lcd's before and this mount gives freedom for mistakes as you can adjust the brackets until everything is lever. By the far the easiest mount ever! The reason for the 3 stars is because once the mount is on the wall and you attach the bracket with the lcd, it feels very loose. The two hooks that are supposed to fit on the mount don't sit all the way and and tv is very wobbly. As far as it being sturdy from the wall, it is, but if you have this thing articulating anything less than 6" you would wish for something that feels stronger. I ended up buy the Sanus vm400s for only $50 dollars more and it is a 100 times more sturdy and secure!These little Dot-It's are very powerful.  They give off a lot of light.  I use them for under my kitchen cabinets and they are great!!These little Dot-It's are very powerful.  They give off a lot of light.  I use them for under my kitchen cabinets and they are great!!The Canon 10x42 L Image Stabilization Waterproof Binoculars are the best binoculars I have ever owned.  They have the clearest, brightest view, are lightweight, easy to focus and adjust.  The image stabilization feature works flawlessly.  The optics are excellent.  I have used them hand held for astronomy, wildlife watching and distant vista viewing.  My bino collection includes about 10 others and I can say the Canon 10x42 L Image Stabilization binos are by far the best overall.  I highly recommend them to anyone.  Be sure to get UV lens filters to cover and protect the objectives.  Standard 52mm photo lens filters fit perfectly.This is totally awesome. I didn't know what to expect from this product. It turns out that i'm totally impressed. It even motivated me to write a review on it. It's just soooo cool, you plug it in and turn it on and immediately soft blue lights and neat red lasers are being thrown onto the walls and celing. Or you can contain them in the included domes, which also look just as awesome. The best description of what it looks like without the domes or diffuser is mini nebula's being thrown onto the ceiling. It's just the neatest thing. I wish i had more!It's a tale of the living & the dead coming together in holy matromony in Tim Burton's "Corpse Bride" In the gothic era of the 19th century in Europe a young man named Victor Van Dort inadvertally reserects a young woman while practing his vows & asumes he is her husband. It's a brilliant comical & romantic vision of the undead & the living, pure genius this film is. Featuring the voice talents of Johnny Depp, Helena Bonham Carter, Michael Gough & Christopher Lee. See Tim Burton's terrific movie of love between life & deathOverall I am pleased with this purchase.  The iSkin feels great in my hands and the pod is protected from marks and dust.  Buyers should be aware that if not extremely careful the iskin tends to peel away from the pod.  Also, know that the skin picks up lint easily, especially white particles.Do NOT purchase the optional Plain Paper Tray.  Waste of time and money.I am pleased with every aspect of this phone. The only comlaint I would have is the small size of the handset, but I realize that the marketing trend is to make everything smaller. Every aspect of the phone works great, including speaker phone, mail boxes (which there are 3), and answering machine.I bought this item as a birthday gift for my son. It was exactly as it had been described, arrived quickly and in perfect condition. It was also precisely what my son wanted, so it was an all around success.I bought this item as a birthday gift for my son. It was exactly as it had been described, arrived quickly and in perfect condition. It was also precisely what my son wanted, so it was an all around success.Very pleased with the product but do not think that the cost of shipping was reprentative of lowest cost.  I seems that it was a partial subsidy for somebody needing a shipment further and faster than I was interested in.I have read where physicists call an equation "elegant" if it is simple and describes the truth.  Einstein's E=mc2 is an example. This computer is like that...simply elegant.This is a very good piece of software to help people with special dietary needs keep track of the ingredients in their food.  Not only does it track the ingredients, but it also prints a grocery list for each dish.  I am still learning all the things this program will do.If you want an ipod case that exposes the esthetics of the ipod while providing lasting protection, than the icontour case is for you. The case doesn't need to ever leave the ipod but if so, it will come off with a little work. I have been very impressed with this product.I love my Sandisk MP3 player. It has the 2GB memory and I love having all my music in one little devise. I do not however like ear buds. They fall out of my ears when on the treadmill. I had to purchase headphones. But other than that, I am very pleased.I use with a Nikon D40 with a 55-200mm zoom lens.  It fits but I would consider the SlingShot 200 for a little more room. I do like how it is easy to access the camera without taking it off as you must do with a backpack (the basis of my score).i just bought this one  on oct 16 2005 but  i am little late in writin this review..its a cool i pod man .. 20 gb is just fine in terms  of capacity... if u lookin for sth which is diff form what majority of ppl have  then this is the one...I enjoy this player very much and it has replaced my larger bulkier one.  I use this primarily for exercising and love the fact that the player also has an FM tuner.  Other players have more capacity and the ability to add more if needed, but overall this one is very good.This is a must have if you are a simi or pro shooter. It gives you the power to shoot from am to pm. Very cool is the hidden holder for the battery door you remove so you dont lose it.With this you also have a extra button to shoot vertical, nice.I haven't had a chance to use it lot, but I had a memory card just like this previously and it holds around 500+ photos.  It seems to working out great so far and ya can't beat the price.Este equipo es muy bueno, le permite supervisar de cerca la evolucion de tus ejercicios. El color es muy lindo y agradable. Lo compre para mi esposa y esta super feliz y super delgada gracias a la ayuda y la informacion que este reloj le brinda en sus ejercicios. Lo recomiendo.Its great for the camera DSC-W7 and other from this series since it's small and stylish. Besides it doent have "Sony" writen on it, just a Cyber-shot logo. It also have a small secon pocket for storage of adicional batteries and memory sticks. My only complain is that this second pocket is not big enough to keep also my A/V and USB cables.Its great for the camera DSC-W7 and other from this series since it's small and stylish. Besides it doent have "Sony" writen on it, just a Cyber-shot logo. It also have a small secon pocket for storage of adicional batteries and memory sticks. My only complain is that this second pocket is not big enough to keep also my A/V and USB cables.Disgned for professional use? Cheap, breakage of battery clips. May be OK for the ocassional shooter (but why would they need this unit?); but not for pro work. Heavy (hand a finger cramping after 100 shots) and has a CHEAP feel. Easier to just carry 2 extra ENEL3e in your pocket.Disgned for professional use? Cheap, breakage of battery clips. May be OK for the ocassional shooter (but why would they need this unit?); but not for pro work. Heavy (hand a finger cramping after 100 shots) and has a CHEAP feel. Easier to just carry 2 extra ENEL3e in your pocket.I bought this mp3 player because I wanted one with an easily replaceable battery (unlike the iPod) and have been very happy with it.  It's simple to use, sounds great, and, with the built-in radio and voice recorder, has more features at a lower price than the comparable iPod.  The battery life is not the 19 hours they claim it is (more like 10-12) but buying a rechargeable battery takes the hassle out of that. If you're not of a mind to care that your friends might mock you for buying something Apple didn't make, buy the Sansa and enjoy it.This film is enjoyable in content and imagery. The voices are wonderful and artistically, the design is beautiful. There is a slightly morbid undertone that makes the film not acceptable for young children unless they know and understand the idea of death.This unit performed very well.  I used it on a 14 hour flight and I did not have to change the batteries once. It is a solid unit built to last.  The downside is the pack's weight and size.  Other than those two items the unit is worth the price.I recomend this item to parents who want to have peace of mind while their baby is asleep.  It protects the child from rolling onto his/her side and allows the parents to sleep with their baby without the fear of smuthering the baby. However it is best if you have a King size bed. My Huband and I sleep on either edge of the bed while the baby is asleep in between us, feeling a little cramped.Product arrived in a timely manner & the price was fantastic!! I love this Garmin 305, its easy to use, & very accurate! I have not had a problem with it. I love it!! I have compared it with the more recent Garmin forerunner (405 I think!!) & although the 305 is much bigger, I actually prefer it, it is so comfortable on my wrist & of course I think it looks better! Thank you Garmin for such a great product! & thank you Amazon for the amazing price & timely arrival! Overall I am very satisfied with this product.I really like my nuvi.Upgraded from the Garmin c550.The ONLY thing that I don't like about the Nuvi is that you cannot put a phone number entry with an address when you save it as a favorite location.Other than that , I like it and it does a wonderful job.THIS GARBAGE STARTS FIRES. MANY PEOPLE INJURED!!!!!!!!!! DO NOT BUY!!!!! SAVE YOUR LIFE!!!!!! DO NOT BUT ANY WESTINGHOUSE PRODUCTS. YOU WILL BURN ALIVE!!!!!!!!!!!!I am using the Scandisk Ultra II 4gb Pro Duo with a Sony DSC-717. I wasn't sure if I needed a faster card, but I did need a card with a larger capacity than the Scandisk Memory Stick Pro 512mb Magic Gate. Although this camera does not have a buffer in writing to the memory card, I noticed an immediate speed increase while capturing in the tiff format. There was no noticeable differance in caturing in the jpeg format. Overall, I am very satisfied with this product for the cost paid ($40.00).This cpu cooler is incredible. The only real downfall is that it needs PLENTY of room because it's size is also INCREDIBLE. I could not believe how big it was when I opened the box. It also weighs in at a substantial 22 ounces. You will need a case that is close to, if not more than, 8" wide. If your case can support the size then this is the cooler for you. It looks awesome when the leds light up.I like this product very much. It is very accurate and reliable. I use it in aerobics class to stay in my target heart rate zone. It keeps me from pushing myself to far, which I found out I did a lot. It makes my work out more enjoyable.I highly recommend this for style, utility and value. I have one caveat, however.  If you intend to hook up this player through an AV receiver, make sure you have an open coaxial digital input, as the player's digital sound output is coaxial, and not optical.  My receiver, for example, has three optical inputs and only one coaxial input. I was using my coaxial input for my cable box (which also has no optical output).  I had to make a choice about whether I wanted digital sound from the DVD player or from my digital cable television programs.I have both super fi 5 pro and B&O a8. After comparing these two earphones, I give the super fi 5 pro 4 stars when a8 is 3.5 star. The bass of 5 pro is better than a8 while a8 wins at high frequency. But as I see, 5 pro is more suitable for normal listening when a8 is more suitable for classic music. Also I very like the noise block of 5 pro and its effect is obviously. I can listen to music on plane without any disturb by the noise of the engine of the plane.All hardware, materials, instructions were grade - A.  It is sturdy, moves smoothly, holds position well.  I have a 32-incher hung from it. It seems like it was built strong enough for one twice the size. Finally, something worth every penny I paid . . . for a change.This lens is worth every penny.  It is a snug fit that produces a nice image with that extra field of view you need on a standard camcorder lens.  It's durable, nice lens cover, easily goes on and off as needed...I live mine on all the time.  GREAT LENS!I needed something to be able to ride my bike with and this is awesome. It has more than enough memory, does not waste batteries, and it comes with all you need...all your wires...armband...protective plastic cover. On top of all of this, it was really inexpensive. I LOVE IT!!!!My daughter is 6 weeks old and if I didnt have this then neither one of us would get any sleep. She loves to sleep in this and also love to watch everything around her in the mirror on the top This bouncer is a life saverSiteSpinner is really an amazing tool. It is very easy and pleasure to use. It is also a very sophisticated tool that can do things that most expensive programs do, at a very affordable price. I also tried all kinds of other WYSIWYG programs, but SiteSpinner is above all of them. Most important is Support, which is through the forum, and any question or a problem is being answered either by members or by the tech-support in a matter of minutes. Anyone can use it to build any types of websites, both - beginners and professionals. [...]My wife travels with her work and needed directional help in small towns nation-wide. She is so thrilled with this GPS that she has named her "Greta" Garmin, her traveling companion. Its compact size also makes it easy to pack in her laptop case for the plane trip.So far so good. I have had numerous cycling computers and this one is the best by far. Collects all of the data I need. Wireless is, so far, flawless. Garmin Training Center software is intuitive and easy to navigate. Would definitely recommend this product.Upgraded from my old 128MB flash drive to this Kingston 1GB model. Fast transfer speeds; cross-platform compatibility; solid construction and reliability so far have all been excellent. No problems at all. Very pleased with the product.It's fun being assisted by a talking GPS, especially when one is making detours in order to get away from traffic jams or driving through  unfamiliar neighborhoods. The computer may be set to talk with either a female or male voice, with either American or British accent. I have my device set to talk as "British Emily." "Emily" sounds like a calm female navigator, who sometimes says "saint" instead of "street,"  when "ST" follows a street name, e.g. "South Capitol St." This GPS device has a built-in rechargeable battery. I wish the built-in speakers were on the same side of the color LCD display, instead of facing the windshield and setting the volume to near-maximum. A pair of stereo earphones [not included] may be used. An external traffic updater device, which plugs into a port, may be puchased separately [subscription fee-required].Fits by MacBook Pro perfectly - no extra space and it even has a lining to protect it from the zipper.  It is cushioned enough to protect my laptop so that I can just throw it into my backpack and carry it everywhere. PERFECT!  Worth every penny!This item is worth its weight in gold. My husband was impressed at how easy it was to install. If you need to install a flat panel television in the corner of a room, this is the way to go. We are very happy with this product.I'm surprised I'm the first to review this.  After trying PNY, someone recommended Corsair.  So I bought one, and compared them for a while. The Corsair is far superior and faster.  When you plug it in, you get immediate response.  And the transfer speed is simply incredible.We have the regular-sized Baby Bjorn potty but wanted another one for a second bathroom.  This chair is so small, my daughter's knees are up at her shoulders, and she is a very small child.  She loves this chair but can't sit in it comfortably for long.I was impressed with the quality of this product - it is solid. Comes with necessary hardware for various types of installation - wood stud mounting, cement walls, etc. Excellent communications and support. The swing mount is very flexible, allowing you to easily adjust for the best viewing angle. After my first purchase and use, I bought two more for members of my family.I bought this for my wife who travels for work. This GPS has saved her on the back highways and byways of Oklahoma more times than we can count. If you are looking for an entry level GPS this is exactly what you need.For Christmas this was one of my gifts.  So, yes, I actually know what they are like. It doesn't bother me to watch videos on my iPod for a long time because the quality is fantastic and the screen is like watching a mini tv.  Not noticable at all for me that i'm watching it on my iPod! The sound and capacity of this iPod Video is fantastic!  I have the 30 GB and I don't know why you would need anything more. Buy this product and you'll be satisfied 100% with it!Just as advertised-quick shipping. The functionality leaves some things to be desired, especially versus the iPod, but is just as good in my opinion, especially for the savings which were about 40% over similar Apple products. You get what you pay for!!I had previously ordered a different software and didn't like it at all.   My goal was to be able to take recipes with non-standard ingredients and be able to enter them to get the nutritional values.   I use products like Extra Virgin Coconut Oil and Flax to cook with.   Because these are non standard other softwares wouldn't give me the values.  Master Cook is truely exceptional.  I'm 100 % happy with this software and its vast array of features.  Would stronly recommend it to anyone.The Lumix DMC-FZ28 fits perfect in this little case.  The padding is good on all sides including the bottom which has a removable pad.  The bottom of the case is anchored so it won't fall over.  There is a zipper compartment on the outside and a velcro compartment on the inside under the lid which are excellent for a couple of filters. I like the handle on top too.  For my needs, this was exactly what I wanted. A small light weight case that I can store and remove the camera quickly and room for a couple of filters.  It is a small case though so if you plan on toting around a lot of accessories then I'd recommend something larger.  My only complaint, and its a small one, is that the shoulder strap could be longer.No complaints so far, all software and hardware works fine. I'm using the Garmin for cross country skiing and on my stair master. Can't wait til spring to use it for cycling, the main purpose for the purchase. GReasonable price, good user interface, a lot of information. I like this gadget!!!  I thought I did't need GPS as I was kind of exploring on my own guy. But after I experience the convenience of this product I change my mind. Try and use it.i lik e the swing because you can plug it in but if the baby kicks to much or moves aroung the swing will stop but i do like the swing but i bo not believe it is worth the 80.00 that it is listed forThis SanDisk SDCFX3-4096 Extreme III 4GB card I'm using for a Canon SLR is really fast compared to the Sony Memory Pro I was using on my older camera. Faster response in the camera and faster copy time when I move the picutes to a PC.1) Its small,sleek and does what is expected - plays mp3 music 2) The only limitation is the size of the screen is too-too small to view images or videos. 3) I like the FM radio feature and the ability to capture and save radio snippetsMy hubby and I LOVE this carrier, it is very comfortable on our backs, easily adjustable and I don't know how people would do without it!!  We walk with our son and our two dogs, he loves it and the dogs still get their attention too!I bought this for my son-in-law for Christmas and he was very happy with it! I had been shopping around for one because I knew that was what he wanted and was very pleased with the quality and features and especially the price of this one!I am very pleased to have a Kingston Data Flash Drive. It nice and small (compact)and can go with you anywhere. It has 1 GB of memory and is cheaper than any other product that I have found. I haven't had any problems with it yet.You will not find a better sound system for the cost, or even comparable cost anywhere else on the market. The sound is absolutely fantastic, with rich, deep bass that makes the walls in my apartment shake. The speakers are larger than they may appear in the picture; they're about the size of a large book, like a Bible. The receiver has a great many modifiable characteristics, including balancing the strength of the various speakers throughout the room. If this is in your budget, buy it today. If it's not in your budget, make some room for it, you won't be disappointed! PS. Check out consumer reports for extra verification.With all of the ipod shuffle products out there, this one definitely isn't worth the money.  You constantly have to readjust it, if you don't do it exactly right, the velcro scratches your arm, and it's not really water resistant, which is the point.Once I used Poser 4, running it under Virtual PC on a Mac (I refuse to use PCs unless at gunpoint, and only if the gun is loaded). So, the arrival of a nifty Mac version is like...'heaven'? Something like that. Only had it for a few days and still exploring. Lots of new stuff, lots of things rearranged, but, I feel, sensibly so. It makes it more complex, but the extra up-front learning effort will no doubt be worth it. Till Noever Author: KEAEN, SELADIENNA, CONTINUITY SLIP owlglass.comThe garmin forerunner 305 is very usefull in any kind of training, indoor and outdoor. Heasy to use but also with many interesting capabilities and a great computer interface and training software. For me it has only a defect.. it can't be used while swimming.I like this item because it has an FM radio.  Most MP3 players do not.  It's small and compact which is good, but the cord could be longer, so it could be tucked into a pocket.  When I'm walking fast it swings back and forth.The Nuvi does its job very well. The screen is much smaller than the built in one on my last car, and so I rely more on voice instructions than visual. But in every other way it is comparable to the $2000 built in one.I originally bought the Ultimate Ears Super.fi 3 earphones and was very happy with them, however I liked a little more base to my music but for the money they were fine.  A couple of months later they broke and I decided to spend the extra money and get the Super.fi 5 Pro earphones. OH MY what a difference in the sound of the music.  The extra money is worth every penny!!  I also recommend getting extra foam ear buds as the music sounds better and they are very comfortable.iPod rocks It is by far the best mp3 player in the world. it also alows you to look at calendars notes and clocks. you can play games and look at photos. Other Apple products include Mac mini, iMac, MacBook Pro and Power Mac G5.This is a timesaving product, since you can recharge your camera's battery, and transfer photos with the same device. If you buy used, just make sure the seller is including the power supply and computer connection cable. A handy little device for your Nikon camera!I'm a 10 year old boy---I play this game for hours. I find it very enjoyable.  I like it more for the game than the math. The game helps you build quick thinking and reaction skills. I rank it as my favorite computer game ever.I'm a 10 year old boy---I play this game for hours. I find it very enjoyable.  I like it more for the game than the math. The game helps you build quick thinking and reaction skills. I rank it as my favorite computer game ever.Not worth it... too thick, defeats the purpose of having a Nano. Plus, I also bought a 5 pack of skins including an arm band and neck string FOR THE SAME PRICE at Amazon. In other words, this particular protector is disappointing.Estou no Brasil. S? compro na Amazon e sempre deu tudo certo. A entrega ? imediata e sem burocracia. O produto ? bom e atende ?s minhas necessidades.I love these speakers, loud and clear, and I got them used for $12 BUT that's with the ac adapter. Mine won't work on dc, they make a beeping noise both with batteries and with a car/cig adapter. Is it me or the unitIt is very accurate in general, but it tried to get on a road nearby my apartment that is no longer exist. However it's not i5's fault, since mapquest and googlemap have the same out-of-dated info. I also like the crispy clear voice prompt.I bought this GPS mainly for business travel purpose so I won't get lost in a city I am not familiar with. So far I am very satisfied with it. The only complain I have now is the voice is not crystal clear.O rel?gio ? muito bom, facil de configurar e muito f?cil de ser usado. Os mapas podem ser transferidos para a web onde ? poss?vel fazer uma an?lise de todo o exerc?cio. ?nico se n?o fica por conta do tamanho, ele ? um pouco grande e precisa de um tempo de adapta??o para correr com ele no pulso, mais voc? acaba acostumando.We absolutely love this mattress.   It's very light weight while still being very firm.   It fits very tightly in the crib.   Highly recommended!this item is worth more than the cost...it is a most have at home with a new born baby.....expecially 1st time parent like me.....I can get to do other things once my baby is asleep...and i can even hear my baby's heart beat when am somewhere else in the house.....worth more than trhe costNice comfortable bag, especially the strap. I use it carry three lenses (the Canon 70-200mm the largest), an external flash on the side pocket, an Epson P-2000 (front pocket) and graphic cards. Very useful this way for wedding photography and event gigs. Wish I had bought it on Amazon. I would have saved $20.Received this as a gift and when our Ruth grew to be too heavy for the hand-me-down bjorn we had, this hit the spot.  I am 6'3" my wife is 5'4" and it adjusts easily to suit both of us.  The back support is a life-saver and Ruth loves cruising in it.  Definitely a must have in our house.I never tire of playing with this software, although I am not a professional musician or sound engineer. It allows you to create songs with a nearly limitless range of sounds, beats, and arrangements. I also enjoy visiting the Propellerhead Software Web site to check out songs from other artists, and analyze how those artists created different styles of music. Reason is really an inspiring tool for experimentation in musical composition.I love my SanDisk Sansa MP3 Player. It's perfect for when I go walking, it's tucks away perfectly in my pocket. I can listen to all my favorite songs or my favorite stations on the radio which comes in great and it's very easy to use, very easy to figure out and the price is unbeatable. My husband loves it too so he got one for himself just in time for summer when we go walking or biking. I am extremely happy with it.  Thumbs up!This USB flash drive works like a charm and is very affordable.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I don't think the loop to attach to your key chain seems very sturdy, though it is fine so far.I've had the 1gb iRiver T10 player for about a month.  The directions are easily uderstood and the unit is simple to operate.  This is my 1st MP3 player and I'm very happy with it.  I will probably get one for my wife.The quality of this device is fantastic. The device is built well and is very easy to use. This is a perfect portable internet radio with fantastic sound. The only limitation is the fact that it will not stream Windows Media player files.I have another Garmin GPS and I find that they are more reliable than other brands. I like the small compact design of this model that you can easily carry with you. Being that this is a discontinued model the price was great!This case fits the camera perfectly and is quick and easy to use.  The magnetic clasp works better than clips and velcro.  It is a must for the Pentax W30, which otherwise does not have a lens cover.This unit is built like a tank.  I've read others say it can jam. I've not had any problems with jams and I've feed it a lot of paper so far.  Very nice medium size shredder.This is a good mount for the money. Installs very easily. Tends to bend a little from the weight of my 42 pound 32" Lcd TV though. I don't think this can be helped. If you are concerned maybe buy the large model.I did a lot of research and settled on this one.It is very colorful and has a mobile.It has a lot of activities and music too.The seat is very comfy too.My baby loved and used it from about 2 months to 6months.This has  to be up there amongst the great ones! I have absolutely nothing bad to say about this one.  It does exactly what the manufacturer says it does. I can watch TV on my laptop or mobile smartphone wherever I am, streaming over high speed internet from my cable box at home.  The set-up is a little challenging if you dont have ethernet ports all over your house, but it not prohibitive.  This solution is defenitely better than any subscription service out there.  I would also suggest that Sling Media come out with a mobile version that supports the Palm OS for mobile smartphone devices. Definetly Recommend!!!!!This case has 3 pockets on it.  One holds my digital camera, the back holds the USB cord, and the front holds the spare SD card and spare batteries. It has room for all the stuff, but it is still pretty small.This mount is very sturdy. It mounted to my Magnavox 26" LCD TV with no additional hardware and I couldn't be happier with the overall quality. It tilts up to 15 degrees which worked great for mounting it high in the corner.Previously I owned the 35mm Canon Rebel EOS 2000 and making the switch to digital has been perfect. I am by no means a professional but like to think I know a little more about photography than Joe Six-Pack. This camera does everything that I need it to do and does even more than I was expecting it to. Pros: Takes amazing photos, auto-mode, manual modes, lightweight, looks cool, makes you look like a professional photographer even when you're not. Cons: LCD screen could be bigger, plasticky.This works anywhere, unlike the iTrip that only works only in rural areas.  The sound is very clear & there is no static.  I would reccommend this to anyone who has a ipod & like to listen to it in their car.Had trouble regulating sound volume.  Picture went out after 11 months.  It cannot be mounted with standard mounting kits.works great. I bought a PS3 and needed another set of inputs for HD viewing. My TV only had one set of inputs. The remote's a little small but I'm planning on programming it into my universal anyway. Can't beat it for the price.These earphones asre very quiet compared to other noise-cancelling headphones I have tried.  They are very comfortable over-the-ear headphones, I prefer them much more than the on-the-ear headphones.  I am extremely happy with my choice and my purchase of these headphones.This unit is a great unit and a reliable unit. I was amazed a the accuracy of this unit. I have used this GPS for about a month and am very pleased with it. The one accesory that I would strongly recommend is the dashboard friction mount, you can locate the unit anywhere on the dashboard and it is  secure and will not shift while turning or braking. This unit gives you the most bang for your buck.this little bag is great for carying your camera,extra memory cards, batteries, comp patch cord and lens cloth. unless you have a really small charger, you will not get it in this bag. the bag is well padded. zippers are well made and secure. absolutely no regrets about this purchaseSo far our whole family has found this GPS navigator to be very useful and accurate. We have used it around town - sometimes just for fun to test it out. It is easy to store when not in use.My husband loves his Nuvi.. we gave it to him on Father's day and he has thoroughly enjoyed it. He reports he has found faster ways to get places that he didn't even know existed. No more MapQuest for us!!!!So here's the deal: Pro's : it protects my ipod from just about everything.  Not a scratch on my ipod and that's the way I like it.  It's durable and does what it's supposed to. Con's : the screen cover is ill fitting and gets scratched very easily.  Also, does make a sleek ipod too bulky to put in your pocket.  Belt clip is flimsy for the size as well. Overall, 4 out of 5 starts for the above con's.I needed a fan to cool two CPUs under my desk, but I wanted it to turn off when I put the computers on standby. This little fan cools the entire area and is so quiet, it does not "exist".  I'm very happy with this product.I'm extremely happy with this now that I've downloaded the latest Thibor firmware.  It's been up solid now for over 2 weeks without a hiccup and has many improved features like QOS for Vonage or Skype.Excellent capacity for 1.6 crop factor (Canon 20D 30D)RAW files in digital photography. Fast buffer transfer. Those using fullsize CMOS sensors (Canon 5D or ID MkII) might want to go to 8GB if shooting RAW.This product is simple to install, simple to use and offers tremendous functionality to my use of both the iPod and the home theater system. Having most of my music on the iPod means that my family can now take full advantage of the iPod's playlists and  hierarchichal database (you can find what you want -- and quickly!). I'm absolutely thrilled with this purchase and believe that it is a must have for any iPod user's home entertainment system.Works great like the other reviews mention.  Battery life is exceptional.  The only thing I am adjusting to is the requirement to use the view finder to take pictures - I previously had a Sony and had grown accustomed to taking pictures by viewing the subject in the LCD display. In general, I am very happy and love the fact it takes standard SD memory cards.Works great like the other reviews mention.  Battery life is exceptional.  The only thing I am adjusting to is the requirement to use the view finder to take pictures - I previously had a Sony and had grown accustomed to taking pictures by viewing the subject in the LCD display. In general, I am very happy and love the fact it takes standard SD memory cards.The Lowepro Slingshot is the prefect balance betwee functionality and convenience.  The Slingshot 100 is the smaller of the Slingshot line and is the right size for a Digital SLR with a lense mounted, an additional small to mid size lense and a flash, other than this size you should look into the Slingshot 200 or 300.  The construction is great and it appears to be made out of premium materials.  Today this is the best camera bag that i have owned.I use a Mac.  In some ways the Brother software is PC oriented.  Nevertheless, it woks perfectly out of the box for the mac.  I use an airport express to print wirelessly.  The machine is absolutely quiet. No problems whatsoever.I have been more than satisfied with this product.  The ability to be serenaded to sleep with an iPod Playlist of my choosing, and wake up by the alarm systems (when necessary) to the news on radio has been happily very helpful.  Great product!I wanted to free up my desk at home, and spent quite a while researching wall mounts for LCD monitors (Amazon, Newegg, Cnet, Epinions, etc).  If you believe all the reviews, peerless is apparently the best bang for the buck.  I've got a 22" widescreen Viewsonic mounted to this thing and it works great.  For the most part it just sits against the wall (2" gap or so), but it can tilt and pan to whatever angle I need.  One nice feature is that it can also roll about 5 degrees clockwise and counter-clockwise, so if you don't get the wall mount perfectly straight it doesn't matter.  Definitely worth the money if space is important to you!A well done animated by Tim Burton. It's worth watching to see how good it is. It draws you in and somehow you're not watching an animated movie with corpses. It fun and entertaining and also has some romance!The Nuvi 350 replaced a stolen C330.  What a difference in size and features!  It is amazing how the GPS units have exploded in the marketplace.  The Nuvi 350 is an excellent bargain.Range is good.  Extension cable included increases that if necessary.  Solid and no problems.Comfortable for the baby and I was able to install it myself without my husband's help.  This is my fourth baby so I've had a ton of car seats and we like this one a lot so far.This was my fist mp3 player and i am very happy with it. The radio reception is very good, and they also give you a free month of Rhapsody music as a trial. I would definetly recommend thisThis card stands up to the reputation of all other Sandisk cards. It is fast and at 4GB hold a lot of photos at the highest resolution. I would recommend it to anyone shooting with a digital SLR.I live in a very windy part of the country and this blanket, if you will, keeps my little girl shielded from the wind and also keeps her warm, and I don't need to rely solely on a blanket that might blow away!  The only fault I find is that it is quite difficult to put on the car seat.  Of course, once you figure it out and it is in place, it is fantastic!This is exactly what I needed for my Casio EX-S500. It hold a couple of credit cards and/or some cash, is about the size of a wallet, slightly padded and fits my small purse perfectly. Plus the magnetic closure keeps my camera safe. I would recommend this to anyone needing a compact case for a compact camera.  However, I would NOT suggest this for anyone who wants to carry many things in a camera case.great sleepsack for our little bundle.  keeps her warm & toasty.  i love the microfibre interior because it's warm, but not too hot.  also the exterior is wind resistant, so it's perfect for san francisco.I Love This Bouncer! I originally had the Ocean Wonder Aquarium Bouncer, but returned it becasue it did not look sturdy enough. So, I purchased this bouncer and have been satisfied ever since! My little one loves it! He stares at the colorful toys, and the variety of music stimulates his mind as the vibration calms him when he is upset! I strongly recommend this bouncer!!!!This camera is a steal. The best feature by far is the 640X480, 30fps video mode. Honestly you do not need a video camera if you've got this baby. The video quality is very good and the compression allows for over 1!!! hour of recording with a gig SD card. The picture quality is also superb. There is no conventional viewfinder so the LARGE LCD must be used all the time which cuts battery life - not a problem if you get the super-long lasting energizer lithium batteries. All in all I'm very satisfied!!!The Garmin Edge 205 is exactly what Garmin positioned it to be:  a sophisticated cycle computer and training partner that derives its data from a highly-sensitive GPS receiver.  It is not the GPS unit to get if you're trying to geocache on your mountain bike or need advanced navigation features. I am most impressed by this device.  Setup was easy and the unit fit perfectly on my Gary Fisher Tassajara Mountain Bike.  After two mountain bike rides on trails at the heavily wooded Government Canyon State Natural area near my home, I was pleased to see that the new SiRFstarIII? receiver lives up to all of Garmin's hype.  The GPS tracks were very accurate with detailed elevation and grade data. Couple this unit's accuracy with a free, Motion-Based Lite account and you have an ability to thoroughly analyze your cycling workouts. Once you complete a ride, you can convert that ride's track into a course.  Courses enable the unit to display the detailed elevation profile as you ride that same route in the future.  Most importantly, they enable you to track how you are performing on that same course so that you can meet your fitness goals. I think you'll find the Garmin Edge 205 to be a great companion  and a powerful fitness tool for your future cycling adventures.This mount is perfect!  It sticks well to the windshield,keeps the GPS rock steady. It allows you to swing to Driver, Center and Passenger's views and back without any bending or remounting. I am very pleased!  My roadmate looks a 100% better on this mount. I hated the mount that came with the GPS. The build quality of this mount also seems to be very good. I would highly recomend this mount.This mount is perfect!  It sticks well to the windshield,keeps the GPS rock steady. It allows you to swing to Driver, Center and Passenger's views and back without any bending or remounting. I am very pleased!  My roadmate looks a 100% better on this mount. I hated the mount that came with the GPS. The build quality of this mount also seems to be very good. I would highly recomend this mount.UPON RECEIVING THIS BACKPACK, THE ONLY THING I COULDN'T FIND WAS THE WATERPROOF COVER FOR THE BAG. AFTER A PHONE CALL TO AMAZON AND MAURY AT LOWEPRO, THE WATERPROOF COVER WAS FOUND. IT'S NEATLY TUCKED INTO A POCKET ON THE BOTTOM EXTERIO OF THE BACKPACK. THE INTERIOR OF THE PACK IS EXCEPTIONALLY ROOMY WITH ALL THE VELCRO DIVIDERS FOR MY TWO SONY DIGITAL CAMERAS, EXTRA LENS AND FLASH ATTACHMENTS, PLUS ALL THE OTHER ASSORTED EQUIPMENT I HAVE MORE MY CAMERA. THE MONO POD THAT I HAVE FITS BEAUTIFULLY INTO ONE OF THE EXTERIOR SIDE POCKETS. THEN MY WIDESCREEN LAPTOP FITS NICELY WITH LOTS OF ROOM TO SPARE INTO THE COMPUTER POCKET. THERE'S SO MUCH ROOM IN THE BACKPACK ITSELF, THAT THERE ROOM FOR FOOD - MAYBE EVEN SEVERAL MRE'S. THIS BAG REPLACES A SMALLER BACKPACK AND A LARGE COMPUTER BRIEFCASE THAT I USED WHILE TRAVELING. NOW WATCH THE AIRLINES CHANGE THE CARRY ON BAGGAGE REQUIREMENTS LIKE THEY LOWERED THE WEIGHT LIMITS ON CHECKED BAGGAGE.Excellent binoculars!! Everyone that bird-watches also wildflower-watches, mushroom-watches, butterfly-watches, bug-watches, etc., etc while they are out walking around. These binocs allow you to do all these seamlessly. The close focal range is amazing, but they still have a wide-enough feild-of-view at a distance so you can find birds easily. Great quality optics. Very lightweight also, very comfortable on a long hike.This is my 4th ice crusher and is by far the best for accompanying soft drinks.  This ice crusher looks awesome, automatically feeds ice (you dont have to force the ice into the chute), and the dispensing tray is even large enough to put a small cup inside so you don't have to dig out the ice with your hand or a spoon.  This ice crusher cannot jam like most others and is WELL WORTH the price  as I love this ice crusher.  Note: This is not for snowcones, etc. as it is a ice crusher not a ice shaver.It is small enough & light-weight enough to take anywhere. My son's little, petite bum fits great on this potty. He can get on & off of it easily as well. The price was well worth it!My son loves the camera, the only thing I didn't realize that it takes AAA batteries.  I know that there are some cameras similar to my sons that take AA.  Other than that were good.  Thank you.This was the first memory card for a digital camera that I purchased and I am very pleased.  It can hold more pictures than I can take, and for the price I paid I am extremely impressed!This is a great MP3 Player that has everything I would need out of it.  A couple of downsides: The batteries go fast, and I had no idea how fast the 1 GB space would fill up.This microphone is something that my staff of photographers has liked because with a small digital recorder is help them keep things portable and together. They also have like the quality in the sound that it produces.Help pace me and gave me total distance!  After 13 miles, my wrist was a little bruised.I have been happy with the case for my gigabeat so far.  It makes the gigabeat a little bulkier but protects it well so it doesn't bother me.  There are spots to plug in the charger, headphones, etc so you dont' have to take the gigabeat out of the case which is convenient.  Overall I have been pleased with the case.I had a tough time deciding between the Canon XT and some of the other DLSRs in the market, spcifically the Nikon models; and after 2 months of insomnia, I decided on the XT. And I am very very happy with this decision. The clinchers were: 1) Mirrror lockup, which is not avaiable in the Nikons. This feature is particularly important for macro and superzoom. 2) Exceptionally low noise levels in comparison to other DSLRs, even at 1600 ISO and long exposures. 3) Smaller size 4) larger range of Canon compatible lenses to choose from when I might need themI am a big fan of the SleepSacks.  This one is especially nice because of the weight of the fabric.  Its not hot like fleese, but its warmer than a thin cotton one.I am a big fan of the SleepSacks.  This one is especially nice because of the weight of the fabric.  Its not hot like fleese, but its warmer than a thin cotton one.I've to carry both my camera and notebook around everyday, so this product is perfect. Has ample room for my bulky 15" widescreen dell and my canon rebel xti with two extra lenses. The only issue I have with the bag is that the straps tend to shift up and down a little, so you'd have to readjust every time you put it on, which annoys me a little. Other than that, it's a worthwhile purchase and I'm plenty pleased with it.I was not very pleased with the bracket.  Mounting screws should have been included for the price paid.  I don't like the clips on the top of the bracket, would have been more pleased with predrilled holes for mounting plate to bracket.  By using the pilot holes on the bumper of the Dakota, the bracket sticks out too far and is tilted upward.  This bracket does not come close to being satisfactory.  As far as delivery, delivery was fast, and I was pleased with that.It does not recharge your iPop batters but it does supply five or six hours of extra batters power and the 4 AA batteries are eary to replay.  Need a long lasting iPod?  Get this unit.Excellent product with clear yes clear instructions and ever imaginable combination of bolt etc you could need.  Normally I am skeptical of products like this but this does a great job and is worth the price.This product was exactly what I was looking for.  It plays the ipod, Cds, and radio.  It is one of the only home systems I could find that had all of those features.  I'm very pleased.We are very pleased with the quality of sound and the compact size.  Very easy to use.  One flaw is that there is not place to store the plug in cord in the unit. An inconvenience.We've been very happy with it. Clear directions, easy to use. Only downside is that we lose satellite signals once in a while. It has also locked up a couple times, but the reboots are quick.Planning a trip, I am stunned to think that this card allows me to carry the equivalent of over 20 rolls of film for my Nikon D-70.  Writes fast, works great.  And it freshens your breath!This arm was exactly what I needed. It came pre-assmebled and all I had to do was connect it to my desk and monitor. It allows me to move my monitor with ease anywhere I prefer.The reason why I liked this software is that It covers everything (alphapets,Grammmer,...). if you are motivated, you will deffinatly learn Arabic Language.So far I have taken this thing skydiving, snowmobiling, snowboarding, backpacking, and navigating the city streets. I could not have asked for a better GPS. the altimeter, speed, compass works perfect.I have switched to Quickbooks from another package and it is amazingly simple to use. The graphical representation of the involved processes is perfect. It does EVERYTHING you need to run small to mediumsize business.Our little guy was sleeping comfortably in his stroller for the first several months we brought him home. When we tried to transition him to the crib, he was startled by the large space and would cry or sleep very poorly. As he outgrew the stroller, we tried to think of ways to emulate the coziness of the stroller inside his crib (lots of attempts - not an easy task!!). He's 5 1/2 months old and we now use the Sleep Nest in the crib as well as putting him in the larger sized SwaddleMe at night. He loves the closeness and sleeps very soundly. The Sleep Nest is small enough to be cozy, but large enough for him to move comfortably. It fits very nicely into the crib and is also portable which is great since he enjoys being on the go!Creatively designed with coolest features.  Where was this bag 15 years ago?  I have a Nikon D40 with kit lense, 18-200 vr, and the little speed light flash.  Thats about all you can get in the main compartment, and it fits very nicely.  The front zip compartment holds my Zune 80gb MP3 player perfectly, and the upper compartments fits all the cables, adapters, headphones, filters, you can imagine.  Want more?  Theres a built in lense cleaning cloth in the main compartment, and a zip out full cover rain fly that comes out of the bottom.  Man this thing is cool!  Two thumbs up.I'm a crushed ice junkie and eat it all day at work. I used to have a frig with crushed ice in the door; that went with my ex. Needed something that crushed ice not shaved it, and my blender just made snow. This Waring Pro IC70 is the bomb! The ice chunks are of varying size, none more than the size of regular finger nails. And it's SO quiet. My blender made terrible noises, but this ice crusher is very smooth. And it crushes the ice faster than I can get the cubes out of the ice tray and into the crusher! Get this one. You'll love it. It's well worth the price!Being very fussy about the interior of my car I had stringent requirements for a navigation device. I didn't want to attach it to my windshield or my dashboard. Additionally I didn't want wires showing. The Garmin Nuvi 350 met every one of my requirements and performs perfectly, With the optional friction mount and auto mount I'm able to place the Nuvi on my console behind the gear shift. I don't need wires because the battery lasts well over 5 hours even with the backlight on all the time. I couldn't be happier with a product.recibi el equipo bien y sin problema , el unico detalle es que se tardo mucho en llegar, expecificamente se tardaron mucho en enviarlos, pero los recivi sin problemas y funcionando bienFor an econo box, this little thing can blast out the hits with the power of some of the larger units. I got it just for the CD player, I listen to relaxing music when I sleep so this is just perfect for meThis device is great overall. The product is is easy to set up and use. The footprint is small and the unit is light so it can be stacked on other devices. Worth every penny.Our newborn desperately needed to be swaddled in order to feel calm, and this swaddle was the best one we bought.  The all-in-one design is superior to 2-piece swaddles because there is no way the swaddle can ride up and get around the baby's face.  There is also less velcro to contend with in the laundry.  We used this not only at night, but whenever our newborn went ballistic during the day - just a few minutes in it calmed him down.Estoy muy contento con la c?mara, el ?nico defecto que le he encontrado es que el volumen al grabar video MPEG4 es exageradamente bajo....  parecen pel?culas mudas y ruidosas.  Por lo dem?s es muy buena.The seat is very pretty in person and is very comfortable for my seven month old daughter. We had to move into a convertible carseat because she is now to long for our infant carrier seat. It fits perfectly into our Ford Escape. The cover is very soft and plush. The seat also has a very high saftey rating. I hope that we will be able to use this seat until she is ready for a booster seat.Wow. I'm definitely impressed by this MP3 player. It is super compact, lightweight, perfect for anyone. It is powered through batteries, so it's super easy to replace. No need to worry about an internal battery losing its charge over time. Another thing that impressed me was sound quality. It FAR surpassed my iPod's sound quality. Amazing. I paid about $90 for this MP3 player, and it was worth every penny!The Forerunner 305 is a fantastic tool for training in multiple disciplines.  It is well built and reliable.  I'm very happy with it.  In fact, my wife and two friends bought Garmin Forerunners as well.Great product, amazing at what it can find.  I wish some roads were a little more up to date.  I use it daily just so I know exactly when I will arrive at my location.I love my Garmin nuvi 350.  Both my husband and I have our own now and it's become an invaluable tool in our houshold.  It's compact and easy to use.  I take it everywhere, whether I'm driving cross-country in the USA, driving throughout Europe, or just trying to locate my car at the mall.  I never leave home without it.This tv has the most beautiful picture, even very up close, in HD.  I have cable with an HD cable box.  The color is beautiful, the picture unbelievably clear, and I have no regrets.This product is cheaper and better than ipod, you can easily drag your music to the Sansa, it can read more types of archives than the ipod and you can view videos. I recomend this product.I got the cube for my 13th birthday and I love it.  It is so small, I can take it anywhere.  The sound is awesome and it's super easy to use.I got the cube for my 13th birthday and I love it.  It is so small, I can take it anywhere.  The sound is awesome and it's super easy to use.My iPod definitely lived up to the hype.  I love it.  I thought watching videos on it would be foolish because of the small screen, but the truth is the video is crystal clear and I had no problems whatsoever watching TV shows like "Lost," "Desperate Housewives," or "30 Rock" on it.Don't let the few poor reviews from people who didn't bother to learn all of the units features sway you.The Nuvi 350 is an awesome unit!i have a small construction buissnes and it is just perfect for it easy to learn easy to enter information and to see it. im happyThe Athlon 64 processor, 1 GB of RAM, and 250 GB hard drive in addition to the other Media Center features are a great value for a little over $700. Unless you're a PC gamer nerd, you should not have any complaints with this machine and you will find that what this HP Media Center delivers far exceeds the needs of the everyday PC user.easy to use.  Tons of features and options.  Easy to pair with foot pod or heart rate monitor.  GPS reception is very good.  I used it under very heavy tree cover with 100% acuracy.If you want to listen to your favorite radio station on your iPod, this is an accessory you need to have. Listen to your favorite morning show while at the gym, then easily switch to your iPod playlist during commercials. Sounds great, small enough to clip to your shirt pocket, and turns your iPod into an FM radio. I love mine. Great price and ships extremely fast too!This is a great accessory for the Zen Sleek! You do need to use the power cord that comes with your Zen Sleek (not sure why this device doesn't have its own power cord?)Lomo cameras are a lot of fun.  Shooting from the hip, so to say, is their motto and it works with their cameras.  This camera has an awesome lens that capures your world in a whole new way.  Yes this camera is plastic and cheap feeling, but the results are awesome.  Rich in color and it bends your world through its fish eye lens.  Have fun!  I am!I have truly been enjoying this. The radio recording feature was the reason I bought this and its works great, also the abillity to add more GB's with the Micro SD card is perfect.I love these earphones. I have small ears, so most fall off or out, but not this one. It suctions in and stays put. They are very comfortable, soft earphones with a perfect fit.Very pleased with this fan. Its quiet and very powerful for its size. I only wish it had an on/off switch. You have to unplug it from the USB inlet to turn it off.Mucho mejor de lo esperado el producto, muy f?cil de navegaci?n, de cargar la m?sica y en men? muy intuitivo, lo ?nico medio molestoso son los aud?fonos, un tanto inc?modos, pero cuesti?n de adaptarse. RecomendableI like my Nuvi very much because it gives you peace of mind when drving in unfamiliar places.  Also the text-to-speech function drives you extra safe since your eyes won't be locked. Strong buy and you won't go wrong!!!This telephone has vitually EVERYTHING that anyone could ask for and more.  I researched all the corded phones available to me and this one satisfied all my needs plus extra for a fantastic price.  I'm completely satisfied.I love sleep sacks.  They are so easy to use and very warm for our son.  It has held up very well so far.  Also nice to wrap swaddling blankets around him under the sleep sack for extra warmth without increasing risk.My wife for years was shy about driving by herself. Now she punchs a few buttons  and away she goes. She just loves all that it can do. Thank You Garmin Garmin 350 NUVII'm quiet happy with that handheld even if the receiver could be better, I guess. But you have a lot of optionals with that tool, I don't think yhat it is worth to buy the Vista CX, you only have an barometric altimeter (you have a digital one in the Legend) and a compass plus.For the ladies, this arm band tends to slip down the biceps if you don't have muscular guns like a man....For the ladies, this arm band tends to slip down the biceps if you don't have muscular guns like a man....For the ladies, this arm band tends to slip down the biceps if you don't have muscular guns like a man....For the ladies, this arm band tends to slip down the biceps if you don't have muscular guns like a man....My Garmin Nuvi.... is so groovy, my system is 99.8% accurate all the time. I like its setup on the menu, and all the functions it has to offer. Definately a great buy!I found the Garmin 305 Forerunner, easy to use, accurate, with plenty of good information.  Runners need to know how far they have run.  Garmin does this and more.  The weight is good.Mastercook continues to be my favorite software for ease of use, organization, and recipe search capabilities.  It has been a stable product for years and continues to be improved with each version update.I am 100% happy with my Coby, it has all the features I want.  The clock is very readable without lifting my head.  The radio, CD player and phone are all very clear.My Ipod didn't come with it's cd and I the battery runs out sooner and sooner in just a few weeks after I got it. I would buy from the seller again.I was constantly disappointed by the difference between the colors on my monitor and the output of my printer or commercial printers.  After calibrating with the Huey, the colors match perfectly!  The setup is quick and easy. If you are at all serious about digital photography, you need to calibrate your monitor.  The Pantone Huey is an inexpensive and accurate way to do just that.I love these headphones and they are worth every penny they cost and then some.  The sound quality is fantastic and the isolation is top-notch.  I just pop them in (I use the foam isolators), pick up some sticks, and go to town on the skins.  Also, they are very comfortable. I would suggest to any musician (especially fellow drummers) to pick up a set.This cd player skips so easily it's incredible.  Do not buy this cd if you plan on walking/running or anything mobil.  If you do not plan on being mobile then it may be worth the trouble especially if you want a cheap am/fm radio.I based my purchase on the reviews I read here, and I am competely satisfied. I am not an expert on home theaters by any stretch, but with this system and an Optoma H31 projector, I have a great home theater setup for a little over $1000.The Logitech LX7 Cordless Optical Mouse is small but mighty. I enjoy not being tethered to my computer and the mouse has all the functionality I need. I highly recommend this mouse.When our twins outgrew the swaddling blankets we bought these sleep sacks. They're warm, easy to use and comfortable. We ordered the largest size and they worked from 4-11 months (~20 lbs).I got this backpack few weeks ago. Good quality and comfortable product. If you have SLR camera with many attachments you may need another product (Lowepro SlingShot 200 or Lowepro SlingShot 300)It's very useful, especially for people that had had a heart attack.The only thing I didn't like was the size of the nombers For me it's difficult to read without my glassesI love how this bag looks, it's the perfect bag for a professional. I work and go to school, so it's not a everyday bag for me because of its limited space. I can just get in my day minder, a notebook, laptop and the charger. and it does get a little heavy for my shoulders. But other then that its an awesome bagI had this for about nine months now and it is absolutely fabulous. I recommand this if you are looking for a budget HDTV and space is not a problem for you.This is a very affordable tool that you should consider buying if you have an IPOD.  I use this while traveling or at my desk when my IPOD needs a quick boost.I was a bit skeptical of it's use due to previous ownership of portable GPS units.The Garmin Nuvi 350 GPS is terrific. It is easy to use and very accurate. Ron ZukoskiI ordered this Kensington FM Transmiter and Belkin Tune FM (for car or home) and this one is far superior, although Belkin is more portable Kensington offers clear sound without back noise.That's a very nice runner's watch. It's a little big, but you get use to it and it's not heavy. So you can run enywhere now with an GPS in you arm!!!This product was exactly what was needed to cool off my home theatre system. The combination of features such as variable speed and retractable power cord made for a very handy package.This stroller is so lightweight its amazing. Steers wonderfully! Has a great basket on the bottom! AWESOME product! Well worth it!Also the seat has the bet cushion compared to all the othersDon't buy it. My NEC DVD RW drive (model: ND 3520A. it is a 8X DVD+RW drive) does not not recognize it. I use NERO ULTRA V.7.This camera is a lot of fun. It's not just for snapshots; many pictures can be distorted through the Fisheye lens for artistic pictures.Perfect size for the Panasonic DMC-FZ8 digital camera and all accessories included with the camera, with plenty of room for at least one extra battery and a few SD/SDHC memory cards.Got the Waring Pro Ice Crusher and have to say it is great.  Makes crushed ice perfectly and effortlessly.  Littl nose, looks great, easy to use and clean.  Sits nicely on the cabnet.   It cruches ice to small sizes, perfect for cocktails.  Really am very pleased with this item.  Highly recommend.I was skeptical about purchasing this printer because of the price. I am a HP fan and use this brand at work and home.  The printer quality is excellent.  The printer can be networked or used as a stand alone.  The printer also has the capability to print on both sides without the need of a duplexing unit.  Great Buy!The SlingShot 100 is a great bag for my needs.  I use it with my Canon XTi, Canon EF-S 17-85mm f/4-5.6 IS USM Lens  and Canon 70-300mm f/4-5.6 EF IS USM Autofocus Lens. I have the 17-85 lens attached to the camera and the 70-300 fits very snug in a compartment on the side.  The only other room I have in the main compartment is for an extra battery and a couple of smaller things.  The other pockets have enough room for a wallet, keys and phone. The rain cover is also very helpful.I have a 4 month old boy, I shopped around on the internet looking for a Plug-In Swing and did not find but 2. I chose this swing for it's, looks, 6 speed, 10 songs, mobile can be repositioned out of the way , and of course the plug-in capabilities. It sounds nice, but I find that it does not swing my child!?This product is like swaddling for dummies! It is great for those who have problems swaddling babies with a traditional blanket. It makes it very easy to calm a screaming baby!i expected a little more from the these speakers. the subwoofer is awesome but the speakers aren't that great. the sound could be clearer but i'm still satisfied with my purchase.Works perfect, no problems at all .... street names and all. Best of all when in a traffic jam, just turn anywhere and Garmin recalculates a new route to your trip.This is great for whenever but especially when your baby is sick and wants to be on you every second of the day or when your shopping and baby gets fussy.This is a great product. The only problem is baby can kick legs out if you don't velcro an extra piece that the directions don't tell you do. But otherwise... wonderful!!The product was easy to connect and use.  Having a large TV at home and having the ability to share my pictures and mini movies(as a on screen effect) was excellent.This the second case of this model in use in our house.  We like it because it holds the Canon 850IS camera along with the battery charger and with room for an extra memory card, a thumb drive, and a small card reader.  In other words, you can take everything you need on a trip or vacation in one handy size case.The band is very sturdy but the hole for the ear phones is extremely small and hard to get the plug in and out!!  But other then that I love it!!There's no way you can watch anything with this item. I have a small Casio portable TV and it works fine in my house, so why doesn't this one? Money wasted!i had an 4genaration ipod and this is soooooooooo much better the ipod doesn;t have much battery life it crashes all the time it doesn't have colour and they have the battery problames buy this not the ipod the ipod is horrible compared to thisWhen my color Meridien died, I went looking for a replacement.  the 60CSx was the clear winner.  It is easy to use, the display is very clear and it picks up and locks onto sats much faster than my Meridien did.  it also feels much heavier and more durable than my meridien.  It was also easy to use and learn, and should be especially for anything who has used a GPS before.  Screens are customizable and it is a pleasure to use.  If I could give this 10 stars, I would.This is a brilliant film but Burton/Elfman/Depp. The animation is astounding, the music is catchy and riveting, and the overall atmosphere is creepy and beautiful. The only problem I had with this was that it was a bit too short: just less than 80 minutes. It could've been a bit better if there were 15 more minutes of film. But anyway, "Corpse Bride" is another dazzling accomplishment by Tim Burton, Johnny Depp, and Danny Elfman. A definite must-see. A-its simple, 1gb of space and its kingston. Do I have to say more? i dont give 5 stars because it should have a lanyard included!I agree with the other reviews, this is a baby essential.  I have used these on my son and love them.  I love that it is a reverse zipper so little fingers can't unzip it easily.  The only draw back for me is that for a baby who is a bit taller, they will outgrow these quickly.  My son is only 4 months and cannot wear the 0-6 months anymore.  His little feet are at the end and it frustrates him to no end.  We have since switched to the GROBAG and we love that just as much and it has plenty of growing room. Overall, this is a wonderful product and a must for any baby and their bedtime wardrobe.Chose this item because it meets my company's security requirements.  Item works great - it is easy to use, and screen is legible.  Finds Hot Spots quickly.  Convenient to carry.I was really concerned about all of the QC issues people were discussing. However, when I received my copy, it has spotlessly accurate, quick focus. I couldn't be more excited for how smooth the bokeh is, either. This lens has a very film-like feel, and shooting /1.4 video on the T1i looks amazing.This is an amazing keyboard for the money.  Tone is exceptionally beautiful and there are lots of bells and whistles.  Only one drawback is the readability of the display box.Delivery was within timeframe (just in time for the Chicago Marathon training)... and I am completely satisfied with the performance of this equipment. Every avid outdoor runner should own one!I am in sales and the Garmin nuvi 350 GPS Navigator saves me a lot of time. I'm so pleased that I bought 2 more to give as Christmas gifts.I purchased the Garmin as I travel a lot for my job. It has proven to be invaluable. It was worth the money and I would recommend it to others.It is difficult to rate a product when you have nothing to compare it to.  It seems to be an efficient room air purifier.  I am satisfied with the purchase.The portable MP3 meets all my requirements, such as awesome quality recording , large capacity, radio. I love it and bought extra one as a birthday gift to my friend.I've used off brand ink and this Canon ink for my Canon printer and the Canon ink produces far superior results. It is especially noticeable if you are printing pictures.The best purchase I mae for my newborn. He is cosleeping with us and it fits perfectly in between my husband and I. Also the insert fits in his moses basket and crib . Great because of the incline for his upper body. Sleeps and sleeps seems super cozy. Worth the money!!!!!Excelente reproductor no solo en tama?o fisico sino de capacidad, muy solido , unicamente flaquea en momentos con los videos pero aparte de eso un excelente reproductor.This product was beautiful to look at and that's about it.  It crushes ice the same consistency as the ice crusher in my refridgerator.  I expected a finer crushed ice like that is used in a bar.We are very pleased with this camera. It came exactly as promised, and we love it. A great product. We also ordered the starter kit with bag, extra battery and protective filter. A must for this product.I had this for our son from birth to about 3 months. It was perfect for co-sleeping and breast feeding over night. It was very convenient to move him without wakening him once he would nod off. He out grew it so fast, I was very sad to say goodbye. It was worth every penny and I would definitly recommend it.This GPS, was purchased as a Christmas gift and the person was very pleased with it, has indiacted it's awsome.... very useful, and has saved him time numerous ocassions...Wearlink strap is comfortable and easy to wash. I use it with my Polar F11 HRM and the readings are alwasy accurate.By far more superior than Visual Basic, Visual C++ and Visual Studio 2000.  Much more along the lines of a development tool built for developers not for marketing the product.  I have coded in both C# and VB using this tool and found it to be the most far superior of any other development tool I have used.i was pleased with the product, only one thing i dont like about it is that it tends to just freeze up once in a while but thats itI WAS VERY PLEASED WITH THIS PURCHES.It's inexpensive and does exactly what it needs to do. I only gave it 4 starts because it doesn't turn into a sports car when I want it to.I am very pleased with the product, the price and the service. I will reccomend all three to others.Ok this case for the iPod is DEFINITLY THE BEST of them all, it feels luxurious. Don't hesitate on buying this oneThis tool is wonderful for monitoring real-time fuel usage and engine gauges.  I have increased by MPG from 32 to 39 by just watching closer to how the reacts to different road conditions and driving habits.I love it. It is metal, clear, clean enamal-like paint. I have it dropped in my purse and the paint has not chipped. She is large enough to find, but not so large that she is in the way. Besides, I can tell my keys from my daughter's: I'm Tink and she's Chershire Cat.The case is protective and stylish without hindering the camera's ability to store and transport easily.  It's definately worth the dough to keep your Nikon S1 or S2 from scratching or even breaking from a minor fall.I travel extensively by plane and these headphones allow me to escape the chaos of air travel.  The sound is amazing and it feels like you are in a concert.  No more crying babies and chatty seat mates.  I highly recommend these.I absolutely love this camera. It takes such great pictures and I love how fast it is. I would reccomend this camera to anyone who wants to take proffesional quality pictures without sacrificeing ease of use. This camera is soo easy to use. It's pretty unbelievable.I like a lot, the desing is super cool. - I Got three, one for each family memberWhat doesn't this thing do?  If you find yourself running everyday with no idea of how far or how fast you are going, this will be a helpful tool for you.  Everything your treadmill tells you, this tells you from your wrist....outdoors!!  It has been very accurate and the Heart Rate is definitely a bonus.  This is the future of distance training.  It is a little big on the wrist, but it isn't heavy and it has way more pros than cons.A nifty product for a student such as myself who finds themselves in their Cisco course without a handy-dandy crossover cable for those like device connections. Very useful tool. Only problem was the cost of shipping greatly exceded the cost of two of the adapters and it is terribly slow!! (14 days!)My camera (DSC-W100), batteries, and memory stick pro duo all fit nicely, neatly, and snuggly in this compact case.  The only drawback is that it doesn't come with a strap to carry on the shoulder or wrap around the wrist; instead it has a loop for your belt and a clip for a strap (not included).My camera (DSC-W100), batteries, and memory stick pro duo all fit nicely, neatly, and snuggly in this compact case.  The only drawback is that it doesn't come with a strap to carry on the shoulder or wrap around the wrist; instead it has a loop for your belt and a clip for a strap (not included).only 2 hours of video time..sucks but i totally adore this ipod..its cool!!I absolutely adore this potty, but my son has outgrown it. He is 2 1/2 starting to train. It hurts him to sit on it now because he is so big. I recommend this potty for toddlers smaller then 30 inches. I think it is very stylish and function-able, but my child just out grew it.I use this fan on my desk at work. Its stylish, quiet, doesn't take up any space, and puts out just enough air. Very happy with my purchase!I have had this TV for 4 or 5 months now and couldn't be happier with it.  It is hands down the best LCD TV value out there!!Excellent device! Sound is crisp and clear in my Mazda 3 and the light-up display is very handy! Very happy and satisfied with this product! Highly recommend it.The card is fast and reliable in all conditions. It comes with file recovery software and a life warranty, a no brainer for today's lg file size DSLRs.Bought this for my husband's christmas.  He loves it.  He can clear codes and follow his daily miles per gallon.  Does exactly what he wanted it to do.This is a sturdy little mp3 player by SanDisk. It is bargain priced, and works great. The c140 is a bit more expensive, but more pleasant 2 use.Sling...Sling...Sling... It's awesome! I installed this in opposite location of the earth (in KOREA) and I'm watching all cable TV channels here in USA. Believe, try, and ENJOY!! MarkThis is a very nice changing pad cover.  The color is more vivid than the picture but it still matches my son's nursery perfectly.  It's also very soft.I am very impressed with this mp3 player.  Being technically challenged, I had to have my niece help me learn to download songs, but most people could do this on their own. I am also very pleased with Amazon's price.  Walmart's price was $50.00 more!I had previously had a navigator with a large screen installed in my car so I was wary of the smaller portable ones when I got a new car without a built in navigator. No need to worry. The screen is perfectly clear and the directions so far have been right on. There is lots of information to access on the screen and the male voice is fine although his pronunciation is funny. Reminds me of the NOAA weather computer voice. Great buy.BOUGHT THIS FOR MY GPS 7" SCREEN GARMIN 7200 WITH THE PERIFFERAL ITEMS  HOLDS IT ALL AND PROTECTS THE SREEN WITH ITS PADDING TOO USED WHEN CAR IS PARKED IN UNSECURE SPOTS OR BY VALET REASONABLE EXPENSE TO PROTECT A $1000.00 ITEM DON'T YOU THINKmy WD My book has been so reliable, holds a ton of memory, is the best external HD you can get at this price, and looks sleek.This is a great produce for polishing up those special auto rims. The job is made simple with this product and Mothers Mimi Ball is a must.I got this unit for my birthday, and I've been enjoying it a bunch.  Without garmin maps it isn't so fun, but with the metro maps it is really a blast.  I like the built in compass feature for geocaching.this watch is by all means cool, but it would be better if it weighed about 3 oz. less and had a built in stopwatch i love how all the apps for previious palms work on it and people are instantly impressed by its features. the worst things are size weight B&W screenI use it for both, file storage and dSLR camera medium. It's fast and so far reliable (6 months). I give it 4 stars instead of 5 just beacuse I think the price difference between this one and Ultra II is not justified. So Ultra II is great, Extreme III is better, but not that much.i think, this item con be more eficient, i cant erase a song inmediately, i need to wait until i be in my computer and this is very unconfortableBeing an amature photographer and little experince in the field i don't have much to compare with.  I found the bag to fit my camera needs, Olympic e-500 with extra lens and other accesaries to fit very nicely  Will be traveling this week and should have better review at completion.I cant imagen binoculars beeing better at all! Compared to zeiss 10x42 binoculars you see a LOT more details. I have a steady hand and it works fine without IS on but when you press the button you realize how greatly needed IS really are.We've used this potty to help both of our boys potty learn. They are great because they are one piece (no leaking!) and they are shorter than other potties, which is essential with young learners (both boys were potty trained b age 2). A great product!I have been very pleased so far.  The data that you can obtain from this is highly useful in analyzing your workouts.  I would recommend to anyone.I am an avid hiker and this is definitely a great product. Several of my friends have other GPS devices, but this one out shines the rest.This is a very useful camera bag. I use it most all the time to carry my camera and a few extra. Good protection for you camera.Am very pleased with my purchase and quick delivery.  I use it often in all kinds of weather and have had no problems with it at all!This product is excellent.  We just loved how easy it was to program an address and now we call our little GPS Hilda.  She takes us everywhere.The Epson Powerlite 76C LCD Projector is awesome, and working perfectly and easily for what I need.  I project my laptop on the wall for various demos of software, and everybody loves the clarity and crispness of this projector.  I've even watched about 4 movies on it, some for my kids, and it's better than I ever imagined. It is quiet, powers up and down quickly, and has two very easy and intuitive knobs around the lens which make it easy to focus and adjust the zoom or size of the projection, within limits.  Overall it's exactly what I need for cheaper than I thought.GPS did not come with the mount which we can use on a dash board. It had a mount which is for windshield. According to CA driving rules we cannot mount it on windshield. Contents of the box did not mention that it has only windshield mount. If it had mentioned, I would have ordered it separately. It was a gift and person is now looking for a mount which he can use it on dashboard.Worked flawlessly at PSP Slim and Original, there wasn't any slowdowns with multimedia, even with 3.9 firmware.i am very happy with this product, it is VERY accurate and Very dependable, with all the off roading and hunting we do this gps unit is the only essential item for anyone who needs one... from navigating large cities to finding the best trail through the mountians, this unit can do it all...I have had two Ironman watches with the Garmin GPS technology and now the Garmin Watch/GPS.  With each purchase the GPS has gotten better in it's accuracy and ability to respond in tree cover or other obstructions.  I am completly satisfied with the accuracy and repeatability of this unit.Our little squirmer loved sleeping in this up until she was 4 months old.  With a combination of this, Dr. Karp's Happiest Baby on the Block Book, and the Babywise book, our preemie was sleeping thru the night (7-8 hours) at 13 weeks.  We moved onto the Sleep Sacks once she outgrew this.This is the perfect backpack because it fits my camera, extra lens and all the accessories, plus my laptop and a spiral notebook and there is still a roomy compartment for water, snacks, hairbrush, etc. it does all this without being so large that it weighs me down. I am 5'2" and 120 pounds so I was very concerned about it being too large for me, however it is just right, and the straps are padded for extra comfort.I got the DEX Products Automobile Bottle Warmer last weedend and used it? the warmer is pretty fast to warm cold temperature..around 10 to 15 minutes. if you try to warm chil temperature...then you have to take around 30 minutes to warm your milk..so this product is base on your bottle temperature.  For me, this product is very useful..if you looking for 30 minutes meal for your kids, that is the ONE...I got the DEX Products Automobile Bottle Warmer last weedend and used it? the warmer is pretty fast to warm cold temperature..around 10 to 15 minutes. if you try to warm chil temperature...then you have to take around 30 minutes to warm your milk..so this product is base on your bottle temperature.  For me, this product is very useful..if you looking for 30 minutes meal for your kids, that is the ONE...I am impressed by this mount, especially for the price.  The mount was simple to install - you need a drill with a 5/32" bit (at least 2-1/2" long), two philips head screwdrivers (one BIG and one regular), and a stud-finder to mount on a wood-stud wall. I was immediately impressed about how sturdy this thing was and like the slim profile of the mount. I mounted a 32" Philips LCD on my bedroom wall and cannot be happier.I love these! You cannot beat rainx when it comes to wipers, they are the best and install in seconds.This is a minimum price maximum operation lens of our contemporary cameras. And I should add that best shopping and fastest delivery of our day. GreetingsI had another linksys router wich I had to reset everyday but with this one I download the software form linksys and it has been great.Fast acquisition of satelites, reception inside the car, under trees, in rain, and a thoughtful user interface design make this a really convenient unit to use.I COULD NOT HONESTLY REVIEWTHIS ITEM BECAUSE I BOUGHT AS A REPLACEMET FOR POLAR STRAP THAT I LOST ANDIT DOSE NOT WORK WITH MY POLAR WATCH.I'm really happy with my Polar F6 and I use it all the time.  I'm so happy that I bought it!  It arrived on time! :-DI like the case, went on easily and fits perfectly. Only issue is that it's kinda tricky to operate the lock button. Overall though it's great.I tried to use it on my car trunk but it doesn't stick well, especially in warm temperature. Another not so useful junk in my garage.I tried to use it on my car trunk but it doesn't stick well, especially in warm temperature. Another not so useful junk in my garage.If you get the Canon CLI-8 INK TANK 4-PACK, then you will need to get the Canon PGI-5BK 2PK. You save money on both of them.This camera is easy to use.  I also like that ALL Nikon lenses fit (though you have to take into consideration different magnification by non-digital lenses).It does what I expect it to do with no problems.  It is inexpensive and so lacks some features, but I am very satisfied with it.I only had it for about a week, and so far it's been fast and reliable, the only thing I wish it was a bit cheaper.This camera is easy to use.  I also like that ALL Nikon lenses fit (though you have to take into consideration different magnification by non-digital lenses).This is by far the most instructional chess video on the market.This is by far the most instructional chess video on the market.I bought this flash drive 2 years ago to save my work from my work computer to work on at home. It is fast, efficient, and small enough to carry everywhere. It has been a lifesaver in some situations. It also came with a leather case which is useful to protect it.If you are at all interested in other media for your PSP, this is the product to purchase.  It was extremely easy to load into my computer, and in 10 minutes I was downloading songs onto my PSP.  Don't be tempted by all the other products out there that may be a few bucks cheaper.  This media manager is worth the extra money.  It takes all the frustration out of putting music and video into your PSP.I have my business cards in this case so when I hand them out they see that I mean business with my lifedrive. It looks so professional im also impressed with the quality and price.The picture angle of this lens on a digital camera with an APS-C sized sensor (most Canon and all Nikon DSLRs) is 45 degrees, which compares to the 44 degrees of the Nikon 35mm lens, but far short of the 53 degrees provided by the Nikon 28mm lens. Its picture angle on a digital SLR is that of a normal lens, and makes a good replacement for a 50mm f1.4 lens. It is not by any means a wide angle lens, which is unfortunate considering the cost of the Nikon 28mm f1.4 lens, and the lack of a fast 24mm prime lens.Like most of the D50 potential buyers, I've been comparing it with the Rebel XT. From reviews to pro photographers: both cameras are great and you can't go wrong with neither of them. Recommendations were mostly: play with both and see which one feels better in your hand. And so I did and purchased both at Costco (great return policy). At the end I kep the D50. The D50 provides a better feel and professional handling than the Rebel XT, for my taste of course. A deal-breaker was the lack of out-of-box RAW support, thus the comments from another reviewer, "L. Tao "techfreak" (thanks BTW, very useful info). But now, that Adobe RAW 3.2 is out, I'm happy to report that the white balance is proplery 'decoded' and appears as captured by the CCD. So far, I'm so happy with the D50 and don't regret not going for the rebel XT. From the focus system (with the default kit lens), to the color reproduction, to exceptional low-light shooting, and continous shooting, the D50 is very very impressive. Sure the Rebel XT packs more pixels and it is a terrific D-SLR; but its feel and build quality left something to be desired, not to mention that the flash must be used for AF illuminator and that some settings are simply shortcut to the menus. The D50 just has an excepional handling, great build quality, and adjustments don't require to navigate thru menus.Like most of the D50 potential buyers, I've been comparing it with the Rebel XT. From reviews to pro photographers: both cameras are great and you can't go wrong with neither of them. Recommendations were mostly: play with both and see which one feels better in your hand. And so I did and purchased both at Costco (great return policy). At the end I kep the D50. The D50 provides a better feel and professional handling than the Rebel XT, for my taste of course. A deal-breaker was the lack of out-of-box RAW support, thus the comments from another reviewer, "L. Tao "techfreak" (thanks BTW, very useful info). But now, that Adobe RAW 3.2 is out, I'm happy to report that the white balance is proplery 'decoded' and appears as captured by the CCD. So far, I'm so happy with the D50 and don't regret not going for the rebel XT. From the focus system (with the default kit lens), to the color reproduction, to exceptional low-light shooting, and continous shooting, the D50 is very very impressive. Sure the Rebel XT packs more pixels and it is a terrific D-SLR; but its feel and build quality left something to be desired, not to mention that the flash must be used for AF illuminator and that some settings are simply shortcut to the menus. The D50 just has an excepional handling, great build quality, and adjustments don't require to navigate thru menus.This thing is Sweet!  I bought it at the mall with my mom on my 25th birthday.  The only thing I can't understand is how to attach the armband part for jogging and working at the gym!This has been great so far in our marathon training.  There is only one problem we have found so far and that is the elevation seems to be completely off.  We have very little variation in our elevation, but the garmin seems to have us doing mountains.This is great, shipped quickly. There's no need to spend $120 for the IPOD brand speakers, this works just the same for a fraction of the price (i know, my friend has the IPOD version). I love it! I use it at home and at work bc its so portable and takes up little space. Comes with 3 adapters for diff size ipods. I have the mini and it works great! GREAT BUY!it's small, light, works great.  is a wonderful device.  i got my husband this as a christmas gift and he was very happy with it!The Nuvi 350 is an excellent GPS purchase.  Functionally speaking, the unit works extremely well.  It logs-in in about 1 minute and usually calculates the driving directions in less than a minute.  You can also select from numerous driving views, and numerous navigation voices (american, british, australian, etc).  Aesthetically speaking, the gps unit is sweet.  It is small and flat and only requires you to flip up a rear antenna when you are using it to navigate.  It also allows you to load in your own pictures, etc that would show up upon turning on the unit.  The one slight negative with the purchase of this product is that no small pouch or bag is provided for carrying the unit and all of the other components/accessories...this includes the GPS unit the 2-piece suction cup unit, the car charger the ubs connection cord.  I personally purchased a small travel toiletries bag, and that works well.  Extremely happy with the overall purchase.1.  The screen was too small to use in traffic. 2.  It took too long to program. . .it's easier to print out MapQuest info.Bought this MP-3 player for my son's 11th birthday.  Holds plenty of songs for a young music listener--and it picks up tons of radio stations.My model isn't exactly like the one described here (mine has no cassette player)...I've been very pleased with it!  Listen to it all the time.This mp3 player is great for having an extra one to change whats on it daily and it works as good as the larger mp3'sThe slip cover is nice, but the pillow is wonderful.  It sleeps a little warm, but I couldn't make it through a pregnancy without it!!Corpse Bride is magical and simplistic. Burton has invented another dark and humerous world, filmed with song and dance. The figurines are well made and beautiful. The set design is magnificent, and the story is enjoyable. An awesome group of actors provide their voices in this fun movie.This computerized cooker is so smart and handy.  It's a wonderful kitchen helper as it prepares tender brown rice, delicious risotto; steel cut oatmeal, and steamed vegetables like potatoes and artichokes that ordinarily take so long in the oven or over the stovetop.  The timer is great and so convenient especially if you've set it to have your steel-cut oatmeal ready for breakfast. I own 2 of them as I couldn't be without one at our second home. Two friends have also purchased the rice cooker and are happy with the results.For the price, this is one of the best cases I have seen. I needed a case that would cool well, but be quiet. This case was perfect. I added an Antec tri-cool 80mm fan in the front, and a tri-cool 92mm fan for the CPU intake. I have all fans set on the medium setting. My system stays cool, and is very quiet. Expansion room is awesome. The case is a bit big for my tastes, but the large size helps with the cooling. This case is heavy, but if it is going to be stationary, it is fine. Build quality is top-notch, as is the modular power supply.I love it, works great and sounds clear, with lots of extra little features built in. The only thing that I was a little disappointed by was that you have to use a adapter cord to plug into the USB port on the pc from the player, so you can't hook up the player to the pc with out it, plus theres no dc power jack built in to the player so if you want to listen to it you have no choice but to use the battery. But besides those 2 little things its a great little deviceThis lens is spectacular, and a really handy focal length on digital cameras with APS-C sized sensors. I suppose people complaining about focusing problems just don't realize how shallow the DOF is. Awesome lens. Recommended as a fast, "normal" prime.the price is cheap and the product is good shaped. delivery was also fast. but there were no inks cartriges so i have to buy them as same price as the printer!!!I bought this for my wife and it has made her happy from Day One. It has the perfect amount of memory for her and offers some bells and whistles far above similarly priced MP3 players. I highly recommend this player for its ease of use and outstanding features.So far, this little champ has worked wonderfully and the price was sure right on. It's easy to use and I'm quite satisfied.I am very pleased with the scanner. I like the smaller size and all the features of the scanner. I am still learning all the different functions but so far it has exceeded my expectations. I am very glad I purchased this scanner.This ice crusher works beautifully.  It's larger than I expected it to be, but I do have room for it on my counter.  The crushed ice comes out in a nice small size.  I gave one to my mother, and she really likes it too.If you look at the "Product Details" section above it says "Product Dimensions: 9 x 2 x 7 inches ; 1 pounds ".  That's the size of an unabridged dictionary!!  You'll be glad to know that 9x2x7 is the box it comes in.  The player itself is 3.1"W x 1.4"H x 0.9"D Hello, Amazon, are you listening?  Why do you think it's more important to show the box size than the product size?It arrived on time ready to use. It works great, and does all it is advertized to do. I may buy a sexond one.I just traded up from a MFC 7820n to the 8860dn.  I'm very impressed so far with the speed and quality of the print.  Unlike the 7820n, this machine produces no paper curl and is quite a bit faster.  The duplexing capability is terrific, especially for scanning.This card reader was exactly what I was looking for with the variety of storage media I utilize with my PDA, Digital Camera, etc.Amigos tugas!!! Comprei um ipod video 30G no amazon e correu tudo ?s mil maravilhas, desde a simplicidade de compra, ao cumprimento dos prazos de entrega. Tive uma pequena ajuda...um amigo que vive nos estates recebeu a minha encomenda e trouxe-a para Portugal (obrigado Diogo). O pre?o ? muitissimo competitivo (bem mais barato que c?) e o material chegou em perfeitas condi?oes. Um abra?o a todos e ...bom som!!!Garmin Forerunner 305 helps you to train more, and to be more motivated. The training assistant and analyzer to help you to focus more.This monitor mount does exactly what it's suppose to.  It's a solid build and the movement is smooth.  Hard to beat for the money.Very cool device that comes in handy when I travel around the world and don't want to miss my Formula One race. Go Ferrari!This battery grip makes shooting for long periods of time (weddings) SO much easier and perfectly balances out the top-heavy feeling of a flash!This is fhe best price I can find anywhere for these cartridges. And, since I have Prime Shipping...wow, they are here in two days!this product is great. protects the ipod like armour against scratches without being some bulky case. keeps my ipod sleek and clean, like new.not what i expected, i thought it would be a little more hightech, more powerful. Not sure it is worth it for the price.I am very happy with this card, I have had no problems, and it works great with my Canon Rebel xti, digital SLR camera.First GPS we've had.  It exceeds expectations.  The amount of detail it provides, in addition to the other features, is fantastic.  We love it!I have a big baby, and this product made it comfortable to carry him, with the lumbar support. It is very sturdy. I recommend.This is just what my son needed for his Macbook.  He says it's worked perfectly, allowing him to view SD cards as removable drives.This was exactly what I was looking for...a simple flash drive that can hold documents needed for work or school...and it holds a ton!I had no problems with this Ipod charger.  It charges rapidly and quickly and it doesn't over charge.  I carry it will me everywhere.This Nuvi 350 really delivered.  Very accurate SIRF chip with WAAS, beautiful, compact design that is perfect for travel.  Works flawlessly so far and I like the routes it chose for me.  They were similar to how I would normally go before I got the GPS.  Only 4 stars because it has very few GPS features compared to the Tom Tom and other devices I looked at.  But, in most cases you don't need all the bells and whistles.  This thing is sleek, very accurate, very compact (perfect for business travel), and chooses great routes (better routes than my mother's Tom Tom XL-S).  At this price, it is worth it for sure!I have owned a few digital cameras.  I don't know if it is the camera, or shooting in raw format, but the pictures are absolutely amazing, clarity excellent, picture size - big!!! I am not an amateur but not a pro either.  Just shooting in auto and raw format is excellent.  You can edit in raw format in photoshop cs and lose absolutely no resolution.  This is the greatest thing since bread and butter.I have owned a few digital cameras.  I don't know if it is the camera, or shooting in raw format, but the pictures are absolutely amazing, clarity excellent, picture size - big!!! I am not an amateur but not a pro either.  Just shooting in auto and raw format is excellent.  You can edit in raw format in photoshop cs and lose absolutely no resolution.  This is the greatest thing since bread and butter.UV olan? kendiliginden yerinden cikiyor. Yani vida disleri tutmuyor. Polarize olandan memnunum. Bu fiyat bundan iyisi beklenmez sanirim.This is a fabulous lapotp and I'm honestly surprised that it's not more popular.  It's very small, lightweight and stylish.  The screen is large (for an ultra-light) and very sharp.  For my purposes it's absolutely perfect... and the price is very reasonable. I've only been using this baby for about a week and am pleased overall. From what I can tell so far, the only deficiencies are: 1) the bottom gets super hot!  If you use it on your bare lap, chances are you'll get burned! 2) the speakers are very weak and hard to hear 3) doesn't have a built-in CD burner 4) USB ports are in the back of the unit.  Depending on how you sit,  yoir knee can hit whatever is plugged in. Overall I'm thrilled with this purchase and recommend it to someone who wants a quality ultra-portable computer at a fabulous price.This is a fabulous lapotp and I'm honestly surprised that it's not more popular.  It's very small, lightweight and stylish.  The screen is large (for an ultra-light) and very sharp.  For my purposes it's absolutely perfect... and the price is very reasonable. I've only been using this baby for about a week and am pleased overall. From what I can tell so far, the only deficiencies are: 1) the bottom gets super hot!  If you use it on your bare lap, chances are you'll get burned! 2) the speakers are very weak and hard to hear 3) doesn't have a built-in CD burner 4) USB ports are in the back of the unit.  Depending on how you sit,  yoir knee can hit whatever is plugged in. Overall I'm thrilled with this purchase and recommend it to someone who wants a quality ultra-portable computer at a fabulous price.I was pleasently surprised of the sound quality from such a small devise.  It has plently of volume without getting tingie.  I take it to the beach, on camping trips and out in the yard.  I'm glad I made this purchase.This is one nice machine. I like the size of the crushed ice (about the size of a marble). I really like how quiet it is, and it perfoms flawlessly. It can crush large quantities of ice in record time.  This machine is the best!I'm very happy with X5. Very good sound quality, a lot of functions, sleek desing.ESTE ES BUENO PORQUE ES pLUG AND pLAY Y PARA PASAR VIDEOS Y FOTOS CON SU SOFTWARE QUE SE PUEDE BAJAR DESDE SU SITIO WEB ES FACIL, DEBES TENER EN CUENTA DE POSEER LOS MP3 CON BUENO idTAGS PARA QUE QUE LOS PUEDA ORGANIZAR ES BUENO !!!!This accessory is great. You have the advantage of using the battery pack or 6 AA batteries. It holds two battery packs and switches from one to the other as needed. If you are out and about and can't charge the packs, you can use AA batteries!This accessory is great. You have the advantage of using the battery pack or 6 AA batteries. It holds two battery packs and switches from one to the other as needed. If you are out and about and can't charge the packs, you can use AA batteries!It is more than I expected.  The power, beauty, clear screen, and features - I have had it a week and it is has become like my good friend.  Yes the keyboard is small but it is a small computer.  The keyboard is fine for small jobs.Considero que su mejor caracter?stica es su velocidad de lectura/escritura, aspecto q la hace muy apropiada para trabajos profesionales. Si bien es cierto, existen presentaciones con mejores rates en estos aspectos, la Extreme III es excelente. Personalmente manejo varias memorias de 2 o 4 Gb y la Extreme III se presta para esto La recomiendo.My wife and I love our Garmin Nuvi 350.  Much better than the Magellan system I had been used to driving Hertz rental cars.  The compact size is convenient and the best feature that is unique from othe products is that it will announce the street NAMES instead of "Turn right in 500 ft."  It even pronounces the tricky names around Boston.  You can also customize the names of your favorite locations.  Another neat feature is that we have downloaded our favorite MP3s off I-Tunes and it will play the music then dim down when "the bitch" needs to direct. This tool has been a savior in navigating the tough streets of Boston!This GPS is great. Ideal for geocaching and hiking. Built in basemap is pretty lame though. Plan on buying USA topo map for it and a larger micro sd card if you want to load in lots of maps. This GPS will do turn by turn street navigation with "city" maps.  But if you want a gps primarily for driving, pick a dedicated automobile navigation GPS.I've only had this crusher for a couple weeks but have used it almost daily.  It does a wonderful job and I've had no problems with it at all. My husband is an "ice eater" & loves it!This Heart Rate Monitor is slim, unobtrusive, and essential to maintaining effective and safe heart rates while exercising. I wouldn't be without it.Confortable and easy to use. Quick satelite connection. Looks big but is very light wheight and its size helps data visualization. Buy yours!!!this thing rocks it helps me stay motivated to try to go farther and faster little expensive but well worth it for meI like this baby carrier a lot. I tried few other carriers but i can say the back support really helps. I am a tall person and my baby is heavier than avarage babies. I traveled overseas with him when he was 5 months and it was so comfortable. It wasn't a problem carrying him and two carry-ons at the same time at the airport. I recommend this item.this is a great gps unit--I have small wrists and it doesn't feel too bulky.  love the multitude of data it provides, it does take a few minutes to locate satellites (seems a little longer than timex).  would recommend spending extra money for all the dataWorks great. No problems.  Photo quality prints from film and slides too.  Fast delivery.  Good price.  Could'nt be more satisfied with this purchase.This is a cool little radio. All you have to do is wind it up for about 45-60 seconds, and it plays for about 20-25 minutes. You have a choice, you can wind it, or you can run it with batteries. It is portable and perfect to go anywhere. The only thing that is not great, is it is a bit tricky to tune, other than that, neat product!This did not work at all.  The company refuses to refund my money.  Buyer beware.  Don't buy this junk from this shady company.I have had no problems with Norton unlike reports I have heard. I will continue to use their product and support when needed.Hi. I think this carrier is too cute. I have the Chou Chou bouncy seat that has the same design on it. It's great. Any child would enjoy carrying their Chou Chou doll or another doll with them. I hope whoever buys this will be happy.Lots of space. Loads and writes fast. And yes YOU CAN MAKE A PANDORA'S MAGIC MEMORYSTICK OUT OF THIS, if you don't know what that is it's the memorystick you use with a Pandora's battery to hack a PSP.No tengo una queja del Jukebox... Reproduce a la perfecci?n cualquier tipo de archivo para el que dice tener soporte... es peque?o liviano y no se requieren muchos conocimientos para manipularloThe Forerunner 305 is a great watch for any workout for any activity.  I use it for running, biking, inline skating, kayaking, and walking.  The GPS is spot on.  The distance matches markings on any path and even the odometer on my bike.  It's great knowing how far I have paddled on lakes. The accuracy is great.  It looks like a large watch, but it actually wears very well and is very light--lighter than my daily watch with a metal watch band.  For the money, I don't think you can beat this product.After receiving the stereo we were definately impressed.  The pricing was unbeatable compared to retail stores and the delivery was prompt.  The stereo has awesome sound and my daughter (15 yrs old) loves the look.  The transparent cd player is very cool.  She likes how she can see the cd spin while playing her favorite songs. Thank you Amazon.com Jody A Happy CustomerI just received this bag in the mail yesterday and I have to say I'm quite impressed so far.  My Canon Digital Rebel XT with 17-85 IS USM (attached), 50mm f/1.4, and 70-300 IS USM lenses all fit nicely into the bag.  I had to do some rearranging (and critcal thinking) of the divider tabs, but the camera and lenses are secure now.  The design of the bag is probably the best part as the other reviews mention below.  The camera is easily accessible, the padding is thick, and the built-in all-weather cover is pretty slick.  After only playing around with the bag for just over a day, I highly recommend it. (...)Excelente idea de hacer unos altavoces que mejoraran un poco el sonido de la consola PSP. El unico inconveniente que le veo es que si tambien tienes el cargador - asidero, no vas a poder usar ambos porque ocupan espacios iguales. Es por esto que se hace dificil cargar con ambos accesorios al  mismo tiempo.Works great, but it is small the 200 or 300 maybe better if you have much stuff.  I carried a D200 w/18-135mm DX mounted on it and a SB-800 flash, spare batteries for both and the charger for the D-200 battery and it was tight.I use it for my 8 MP digital camera, and I'm pleased with how quickly it receives image data. Its miniscule size is both an advantage & disadvantage: so small it's easy to lose, but it's equivalent to 4 rolls of 36 exposure 35mm film.compact with small pockets for extra accessories. if you have a few extra lens to lug around, this is not for you.. you can squeeze in either two lens or one lens and flash. easy to use and the extra cushion really protects the camera.This is a great product, it should be included with all nuvi 350 products. The attachement garmin provides with the purchase is wortless. The friction mount rest easy on the dash, causes no harm, and is easily portible from car to car. It has a simple lever to attach and detach.I've had this unit for 2 weeks now.  So far, the only issue I've had is reassigning the DVR's Digital input from Optical (default) to Coaxial won't work (I had to run out to buy an optical cable to get it to work).  Other than that, I'm happy with the sounds, price, looks, and functionality of the unit.  It's amazingly light for an amplifier.I bought the Wolverine to download digital photos daily on my recent trip to New Zealand and Australia....it performed flawlessly....battery life was exceptional....it is a very economical way to backup your irreplaceable photos and takes up very little space....I rate it as a 5 star itemExcellent camera case with belt loop makes taking the camera everywhere a pleasure.  The Optio W20 fits perfectly and the case has interior pockets for a spare SD card and a spare battery.  The magnetic catch makes access to the camera very fast and easy.  Actually, the case is so perfectly designed for the Optio W20, Pentax really should have included it with the camera.Excelenteo producto. Gran empaque, trae como valor agregado el convertidor a SD Card. Tal como siempre se ha categorizado SanDisk "EXCELENTE PRODUCTO"Works as expected.  Having two ports is a very nice feature.  My t-mobile G1 battery-hog charges up surprisingly quick with this thing.I just hooked my Ipod to the Audio PAL and let it GO...the sound is amazing. This radio is worth the price.I love the Garmin Nuvi 350. Uses street names in navigation and works like a charm. Couldn't be happier with this purchase.The unit is outstanding, the only problem was the windshield mounting system and that was replaced, free of charge by Garmin, with a dashboard mount system.  This is an excellent product and Garmin did a wonderful job of standing behind their product (mounting system).I just got an Ipod from my wonderful girlfriend for my birthday, and had a Zen Micro prior.  Why did I wait!?  OMG this kicks the crap out of the Zen. The sound quality is far superior and the software and ergonomics are seemless.I was surprised with the quality of this device for the money.  I was skeptical about how good this would be for the money.  I use it to hold my Blackberry 8830 while I'm using the navigation features, and it works perfectly.  Highly reccomend.I was surprised with the quality of this device for the money.  I was skeptical about how good this would be for the money.  I use it to hold my Blackberry 8830 while I'm using the navigation features, and it works perfectly.  Highly reccomend.This is a compact unit and much easier to use than the larger ones. It's inexpensive price makes it woth every pennyProduct arrived in a timely fashion. I use it mainly with my exercise equipment which has polar wireless, and it works flawlessly.This is a cool Flash Drive.  Just plug it in and it Just Works.  It fits well on my keychain making it very convenient.  It's also very fast. Highly recommended.Delivery was prompt.  The TV is beautiful to look at and the picture is outstanding.  Very pleased with my decision to purchase the Sharp.My firstdigital was a finepix 1.4 Megapixels, then a 4.1 and now my first digital SLR Nikon D50, Just perfect for novice SLR users looking for a nice handly camera to shoot creative photos... The only con is the shutter speed, the fastest is 1000, not so fast for sports pictures... NO problems with battery, memory or accesories...My firstdigital was a finepix 1.4 Megapixels, then a 4.1 and now my first digital SLR Nikon D50, Just perfect for novice SLR users looking for a nice handly camera to shoot creative photos... The only con is the shutter speed, the fastest is 1000, not so fast for sports pictures... NO problems with battery, memory or accesories...A definite must-have for moms!  Especially those in need of extra hands. It provides excellent lumbar support and baby rides so comfortably.  The straps easily adjust to accomodate your growing baby.  My son has used this carrier since birth (now 6 months ) and it has been a saving grace.  I would highly recommned this carrier because of its superior quality and ease of use.This device is like having a telescope in the palm of your hand.  I could actually see 3 of Jupiter's moons without a problem.  The image stablization feature allows steady viewing of objects without the inherent shakiness that comes from binocular viewing.  They're heavy...a little too heavy to wear around the neck constantly, but the benefits far outweigh that.  Would I buy them again?  Instantly.This is absolutely wonderful to take to restaurants because you know it is clean and to relatives' houses that don't have highchairs. It is sturdy and fits almost all tables and folds up neatly. We love it and keep it in the car!The car seat is great, it accomplish all that I was looking for, not just safety (which is the most important feature) but also that my baby would be confortable and could enjoy the car trips. Britax made that possible!An absolutely amazing GPS unit for an unbeatable price. I love this GPS unit.  Garmin makes a great product.  The text to speech function is especially helpful when driving, as it speaks the names of the streets to you.  I also really like how it gives you an estimated arrival time (which updates depending on traffic). For under $200, get yourself one of these and forget Mapquest.  My wife and I went through so much paper from printing directions out, this is just great. 5 stars.For those of you that prefer the behind the head headset (as opposed to the over the head headset - headband style), this is great!  Easily adaptable to your computer with a USB adapter.I'm rediscovering my record collection, which has been silent for over a decade. This amp is a pre for a harman kardon post amp and really brings out definition in my vinyl that I didn't know was there before. Definitely worth the price.An absolutely briliant set of headphones, crystal clear, usb adapter which can be very useful, and durable. The mike is perfect and the suround audio is amazing. A absolute for any gaming pro, or just a briliant set of headphones for audio junkies.The Sigma lens is a quality item at an affordable price.  It delivers at long range as well as close up on macro.  Its sleek styling compliments its use with my Nikon D70 and operates in a very quiet manner. Overall an item I value.The heart rate is good and special for my wife. Is very beatiful and woman style.I love that this uses a plugin and doesn't need batteries, as we're constantly changing batteries in his bouncy chair and other items. He seems to like it pretty well. I wish it reclined a little more so he could sleep in it more easily. I also wish it was a little smaller. It's tough to move through doorways. Good purchase overall.This backpack is one of the best I've used. It is very comfortable and protective. Is good, specially for mac laptops.Love the sound system. each to use manual. a little bulky though, need to purchase the cover separately.Excelente creo  que  no  hay que  hablar  mucho  de ello, su capacidad lo dice todo.......Comprenla son problema simpre llenara sus requisitos....Este juego de fitros es una excelente opcion de compra para la calidad que tienen,cada uno cumple su trabajo a cabalidad;enroscan perfectamente en los 58 mm para los que fueron dise?ados,tiene su rosca macho que va al cuerpo de la camara o adaptador y rosca hembra,para recibir otro filtro adicional o un filtro de uso diario para protejer al que dejamos fijo en la camara,(casi siempre el uv;en mi caso.) Recomiendo altamente esta marca. espero que les sea de ayuda mi opinion. Exitos!I've been using this 4GB Extreme III CF Card in my Sony A300, and have been very happy with its performance.  No problems.  And when used in conjunction with the SanDisk Extreme USB 2.0 3in1 card reader (# SDDRX3-3IN1-901), download speeds to my PC are LIGHTNING fast! I definitely recommend this card, especially when paired with the Extreme card reader.This phone is great, because it comes with dual handsets and is also very lightweight and very comfortable. At 2.4 GHZ it boasts a superb range and most importantly it has a very attractive price and a hands-free option too. Highly recomended.This hip carrier is exactly what I was looking for -- at 9 mo. my baby boy already weighed 24 lbs. and I could no longer carry him comfortably. This carrier supports my back and shoulders by greatly diminishing the weight and strain of carrying my chunky monkey -- and he seems so-o-o comfortable!5 stars for ease of use, general quality, and clear instuctions. Now all my little houses have lights. They look great!Fast transfers, and lots of room.  Using in a Canon EOS Digital Rebel, and the speed is great.  Great price, too!This item arrived very quickly.  It's an inexpensive way to test for radon in the home for peace of mind.  Thanks!Fast, fast fast!  Love the speed.  I've never had a printer that was so fast.  It was easy to install, too.A little large, but great sound and functionality for the price!  Fits all types of iPods with little or no issue.It's fantastic! I can watch what the babysitter is doing with my baby daughter. To be perfect, it should have batteries.Has given fairly reliable service, with the only exception being a few drops every now and then.  Overall, I've been pleased.This little TV is "cute" but has very poor reception and picture quality. Spend a little more for a quality product!I bought this for my newborn.  It is not too heavy (there is a heavier version for colder climates) and you just zip up the kid and flip the flap over him/her when outside. If you need a bit more, tuck in a blanket before zipping up. This is perfect if you just carry around the baby carrier everywhere. No need for a jacket for the baby!!!This is a wonderful product.  It works right out of the box, easy to use. The GPS comes with a AC and DC adapter.  We just lve this product.  We purchased the mount kits to go with our GPS so we could use it in different cars. Garmin Portable Friction Mount for Garmin GPS Units (010-10306-00) Garmin Automotive Mount for Nuvi (010-10723-04)The best thing about the player is the removable aaa batery. You can bring an extra or buy one anywhere in the world. With the line in you dont even need a computer any more with this little gem. Cowon has the best audio sound of any player anywhere. All these things and the small size make this the best mp3 player.Since we bought our Nuvi, we have traveled to Virginia, North Carolina, and Utah. There is a feeling of confidence in traveling to new places and knowing that we won't get lost! Our Nuvi has a quick re-mapping feature in case we turn off the route, and we also like that we can enter mid-trip stops along the way.No problems with this ice crusher, my only issue is that there is only one size of crushed ice that it makes. There are times when I don't want it sized as small as this provides.This drive works, but it is not faster than my smaller (512 MB) Memory Stick Pro Duo, which is not Ultra II, but just Ultra.  I was counting on Ultra II, to mean something better, but apparently this is not true.I mounted this with Olieva's 32" LCD television.  The one-side tilt feature works like a charm.  Very good price compared to mounts from other manufacturers.  I will buy a few more once LCD TVs go down in price some more :-)Awesome Price and Awesome Product! Has many functions, for the novice all the way up to the seasoned runner. I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a GPS device with a heart rate monitor.This is a nice little exersaucer, but certainly far from "mega" as it lacks the bells and whistles that many have. It does play some music, but once dead, its dead, as the batteries are not replaceable. The toys around the saucer are entertaining to my six month old. The adjustable height is nice. It was definitely worth the inexpensive price.1gb is plenty for me.  Much smaller than Ipod and runs on AAA Battery.  Uses standard 3.5mm headphones.  Backlit LCD is sufficient for me.  You can build playlists in Windows Media Player and synchronize them to the device.  However, my only complaint is that when the playlist is large (one of mine is over 80 songs) it takes a while to load. Great player for the budget minded buyer.  Definitely recommend!Truly Amazing sound! These Headphones connected to any decice, TV, PC, etc... can give a detailed sound rich with Bass & Treble without the need for a preamp to boost them, you won't regret buying a pair of theseI have used it for about 2 months with my Olympus camera. It takes 650 photos exactly, at 3.2 megapixels.This fleece swaddleme is great for Winter weather and keeps baby very snuggly and warm. Too hot for the summer.My daughter does not sleep the same with out hers. I wish they made an Extra Large version because she is on the verge of out growing hers! I also love that there are two different weights- cotton and fleece!I've been using this for a while and it has been very useful and handy. Highly recommended for the price!Reasonably durable, consistant performers. Excellant range, useful features. I wish they were a little smaller, but they aren't too bad.I expected the ice to be in smaller chunks. But it is a good product I am pleased with it.Very nice for stickums in just those places that need extra light. I also carry mine around sometimes. 'Very pleasedThe scanner arrived in timely fashion & pleased my son-in-law when he received it.  Thanks for a satisfying shopping experience.Stores a lot of music. The only problem with the mp3 player is that the standard earpieces were too small.With this connector, I can easily transfer pictures from my digital camera to my 60 GB Photo iPod.  Very nice.This was up on my wall in about 20 minutes. Great mount for the money. I mounted a 20" LCDWe had one similar before it just what we needed the price was OK , fast delivery and on time.It is amazing all the things you can do with the Etrex Legeng Cx.  The  color screen improves your experiencieThis item works great and now I can enjoy hours of ipod goodness without worrying that the battery will die.THESE LATITUDE C600 NOTEBOOKS ARE AMAZING WORKHORSES, VERY LIGHT AND DURABLE.  I USE 1 AT WORK AND I LOVE ITThe system is great except for one little thing...when you turn it on it take a little time to load.I bought this for the Weather Band during power outages and the Short Wave World Wide Capabilities. It works perfectly.Very durable card with five years warranty. Speed is not compare with proffessional card, but for the price, no complain.It works perfectly as it claims to does. Band is pretty comfortable and I have no complains about the watch.Very nice for stickums in just those places that need extra light. I also carry mine around sometimes. 'Very pleasedAll travellers within the USA should have this device as a piece of travel gear. It is affordable and reliable.I have been very happy with this wall mount.  Makes viewing and cleaning the tv simple and fast.  Great price.This item is definately worth the price. The quality is great and it amazingly increased my night time capabilities. Although the light enhancement isn't that important and as great then the infared. Anyways, this item is great for its price.Love the GPS Navigator part of the watch. Now I know how far I ran today. Before I need to plot out a course on my bike or car. Those days are over. I only gave it a 4 because it takes too long to satrt up for my taste. Overall I'm happy with it. I love how you can log your stats on the computer daily if needed.This TV is absolutely wonderful.  Picture quality is great (Especially Discovery HD in 1080i), features are good, Ambilight is super cool.  Sound quality is better than some people give it credit for...What do you expect from a TV anyway, it's not a sound system!!  Overall I am very pleased with this TV.The dock works well with my ipod and works seamlessly with the onkyo receiver and its remote control.DCan't wait to use it... I am a very anxious driver, but can't wait to use my Garmin!!!!!!!I use my 60CSx for both mapping my deer and turkey hunting areas as well as for autobile trips.  I bought the automobile kit because of the small screen.  The dash mounts in the kit allow me to position the GPS where it be easily seen. It meets all of my needs and is very accurate in mapping.Does not work with The 4040 unit. Do not watse your money on this product.Does not work with The 4040 unit. Do not watse your money on this product.Garmin Nuvi 350 Excellent product.  The information was not clear as to what was included.  I ordered a 110 transformer extra and one was included. Please make the description more clear so others will avoid this in the future.It beats by far my 3600 maH units from other manufacturer's. It doubles my usage time in my GPS.Everything is OK except for one overlooked feature. When you turn it off, it turns off unamplified sound also. A bypass feature would be more convenient. That way if could be left in place when amplification is not needed.I didn't buy this TV on Amazon, but I must say I'm delirious with happiness with my purchase. The quality of the picture is unbelievable. It tranforms TV-watching from a mundane passtime to an exhilarating "experience"! (and I'm not easily impressed). I love the size too. Not huge and not too small. Panasonic, you've outdone yourself this time. Kudos!The was my first DSLR and I LOVE the pictures!!!! Very fast to capture those instant moments of your 2 or 3 year olds face. Great out door pictures and versatility with interchangeable lenses.I bought this for my husband and he really likes it. The recordings are crystal clear. Great product overall.I purchased this at Best Buy. It's fantastic and runs for days on one triple A battery.  Also the FM Radio feature is a bonus.  The display is also a plus that the ipod shuffle doesn't have.I have bought one for myself and felt very comfortable with it.  Infact, it helped me a little to sleep well on the nights.  I have gifted one to my friend and no complaints from him so far.I bought this device so my wife could expand her geocaching hobby.  She's enjoyed it very much for that purpose, but we've also really enjoyed it while travelling.  The altimeter feature was a definite highlight during a recent trip to ColoradoExcelente telefono, por eso se gano todos esos premios, lo unico malo es que lo meti en la lavadora de ropa y hasta ese momento duro.Fits like a glove and works like a champ. No chasing availability from store to store Thank You AmazonThe Travelmate C 204 is a brilliant technological marvel it would be perfect if it were about 50% lighterLove it. I can also use it with a mini USB cable to charge my Motorola RAZR phone. the extra iPod cable makes it a no brainer. I would/will buy this product again (need one for my wife.)I've had my Garmin for a month now and I am pleased with the results. I really like the street's name announced before the turn, this is an improvement over other models. I am pleased with my choice.Bought these for my husband and he loves them.  A little pricey but he thinks they are worth it.All you need is Linspire, an internet connection, and the CNR serivce to automatically download and automatically install programs under Linspire. Download and install all sorts of programs from any genre (including games) with just one mouse click!The wide angle lens was received exactly as described. No problems encountered. Fast delivery and an awesome product! Thanks.This is a great little recorder for students at a great little price compared to some of the others.This is my 1st SLR camera and it is easy to use and takes amazing pictures I recommend it.This little camera is amazing for it's price.  The picture quality rivals cameras that cost 10-20% more and its small form factor is impressive.  Coupled with a Canon Image Stabilization lens, this camera can do some amazing things.  Performance for the dollar, this is the best digital SLR camera I have come across.  For those that need a serious boost, you may need to jump out of this price range and go for a pro camera.Works great. Seems a little louder than the NAS versions I have, but it may be the drive inside.An awesome extension for the D200.  It doubles the operating time, and adds extra grip options for the camera.An awesome extension for the D200.  It doubles the operating time, and adds extra grip options for the camera.We reloaded the firmware with Linux and are very happy using it as a flexible custom firewall and router.versatile and handy.  A bit cumbersome for one person to open and hook, but once you get the hang of it, it's definately worth it.  It works nicely around large lips on the edge of tables.  GREAT VALUE!Just got this in for my Girlfriend's Nano, and its like a little plastic tank for the ipod.  Finger controls are easily accessable, and it is super sturdy,  A+++The pee guard does not work at all.  This potty has too many pieces and they can come off because my son is strong.  My son does not like to sit on it at all especially in winter when the seat is cold.  Have not find a potty that work for boys.My 2 month old previously had the larger Eddie Bauer bouncer and hated it-too large and no fun. This bouncer keeps her very entertained. Only one problem-my child is small-and her legs barely fit under the 2 side fold-in toys. I wouldn't recommend this for a large child. Other than that 1 drawback-this bouncer is great!I have had other MP3 players including an Ipod, but when my girlfriend needed one, I got her the Ipod. She is not tech savy and has trouble working the TV remote, so I needed something anyone could figure out. She LOVES the Ipod, and I only had to show her how to use it once!I have a BEFSR41 dsl router and needed a wireless router to add to my network. I couldn't be happier with the WRT54GL. It has the same case as my BEFSR41 and they stack. Setup was a breeze and I am using my BEFSR41 as a switch. Everything works like a charm.It is very convinient thing. It has an excelent security system for notebook, so you shouldn't worry about everyday carry of you laptop.Tried this out with just a couple of shots.  For panoramic shots, it's way cool.  But, I didn't know that it would also work with the telephoto feature on my camera.  Gets awesome wide-angle close-ups.compare to the price, this mp 3 is the best I've had. it has every function I need.It is small and cheap. Its map seems to be missing large chunks of the world. Like exit 3 off 93 in NH. Also, the suction cup doesn't work. It falls every 5 min.Excelente el producto pueden comprarlo sin  ningunproblema y la entrega fue  tal lo acordado...This was a gift to my 26yr old son who is in real estate.  He is delighted with this unit.  He thinks it's better than iPod and does more.  He uses some of the extras in his work.  This was definitely a 5* hit!  It also seems to be a very reliable and sturdy item.This package is small but mighty. Great sound and easy to use controls. Am 100% satisified.Product is really amazing. Performing above expectation. I am really enjoying the product. Thanks to AMAZON Regards, JohnI bought this for my PSP, and it does everything that it claims to do.  It's fast, reliable, and holds 3 DVDs, 500 songs, and lots of game saves!  Transfer speeds were good compared to others.The best hand-held gps so far.... Fast satellite acquisition, faster screen refresh, Micro SD data storage. Five-Thumb's Up!!!!Bought this for my upcoming trip to the UK, works perfectly in my GO 300. Judging by the dummy runs that you can do on routes that you generate, this software is perfect for my use.Since the printer has 2 tray's you can print prescriptions on prescription paper and easily change to A4 when  needed. Due to its small size the printer does not take much space on the desk. The printer prints fast so patient's don't have to wait for it to warm up to get their prescription.Love it!  Exactly what I wanted! Loads of cool effects and sounds.  Has a teaching dvd with it.I find the monitor arm did exceed my expectation: 1. Robust construction (strong enough to hold my 22" LCD monitor in place) 2. Convinient and reliable way to attach to the different surfaces 3. Elegant lookvery reliable so far... have had no issues whatsoever with this item. The only thing is that the adapter plug is fixed and depending on the car outlet it is very difficul to see the displayBECAUSE MY DAUGHTER AND I LOVE TINKERBELL. THIS WAS A CUTE AND INEXPENSIVE ADDITION TO OUR GROWING COLLECTIONI am very happy with this mp3 player. I am not exactly an avid listener so this is just perfect for me. I love that is has the fm radio and I can program my lists.It does what it says it'll do.  If you have a psp slim it won't fit onto it.I use this in My PSP and has had no problems at all and transfers data very quickly.We were very pleased with the quality and features offered on this product - especially for the price!Outstanding product.  Exceptional after sale customer service and tech support for questions.  Superior to all vehicle installed systems.Wonderful sound in a small package and at a attractive price. And covenient plug in for my iPod.This is a very convenient System to use.  The only reason I can't give it a 5 is because I don't know how it will hold up a year from now - but so far - no problems at all.I was very pleased with the price I paid and the quick delivery I experienced.  Card works perfectly.I bought this MP3 player for my daughter for Christmas and she loves it.  No complaints so far.Small, portable, car plug, wall plug, battery, expansion for Europe, updatable... what else you need for that money???This is an awesome bag, could not be happier with it.  Lots of space, very usable yet lightweight.Other equivalent Holmes products, such as the hwm450, offer a digital readout, larger tank capacity, and quieter operation.This tiny little disk is absolutely excellent, very handy, very fast, very slim therefore very portable.  Perfect buy.This iPod case is exactly what I wanted.  It's a tad too small for the 80GB iPod, so part of the screen is obscured by the case, but that woudn't deter me from buying it again.I bought the camera for my trip to Palm Springs. The clarity of the pics...wonderful.The desert landscape was awe inspiring and this camera captured beautiful memories.Easy to use, very informational and detailed mapping. Screen is a little small, but the voice guides you through your trip.For a busy CPA, especially during the busy season, it has been a tremendous help in maintaining client records effetively and efficiently.for $100, its polar, very rugged and extremely useful in an uncomplicated way...gives you HR, max, average, % of times in zones, calories...and it stores all this stuff for a month.  You get a lot of technology for not a lot of $$$, and Polar has the best product guarentee in the businessI bought this 2 GB Ultra II memory stick pro duo for my Sony N2 camera. The price was reasonable for 2 GB. Can't find it elsewhere 2 GB PRO DUO at this price $42. It can store lots of pictures. Comparing this one with my old 512MB memory card. This is awsome.The Garmin NUVI is wonderful, took me 2 shortcuts I did not know where there.  The Traffic attachment has come in very handy also.  It the best little device since the cell phone I think.This pocket navigator is better than advertized, the ease of use is remarkable,  easy updates via the internet.  The sound quality is wonderful. The size fits easily in my purse when out of the vehicle.Our Nuvi has become our instant friend. We enjoy its knowledge and intellect and particularly its ability to be so patient with us when we make mistakes!This is my first iPod and I'm glad I waited to buy an iPod. This iPod is not only beautiful it's fabulous. Of course the big thing about this iPod is the video playback. I converted all my quicktime videos into m4a video format to work better with the iPod and they look and work beautifully. This iPod is absolutely fabulous. Buy it if you have the cash to spare.This is my first thumb drive. Its great. Tough and durable. The color is awesome. Though it a little bit heavy compare to the mini drive. Generally it's good and I do reccommend this drive.This is probably the cheapest 1 gb flash drive you'll find that's also reliable and durable.  I was contemplating on buying an mp3 player that's also a flash drive, but this was just too cheap!I did a lot of research on portable dvd players, and this unit seemed to offer the most for the money. Just got it yesterday, but my wife and I am extremely impressed so far.the most improtant thing on a product like this is the transmission.  whats the point in having digital music that has fuzz in the background. not at all happy, you get what you pay for.we needed a small microwave, this one had both the size and watts we wanted. have had it for almost a year, we use it daily. all the controls needed to do whatever you want.I have 2 of these - one on my desk @ work and one next to the bed @ home. I love the flexible blades and it moves plenty of air to make things comfortable.The baby bjorn carrier is pretty comfortable to carry your baby around in. It's nice that it's adjustable for the parent and baby. I get a bit sore after an hour lugging my daughter in, but how could you not be sore or tired for lugging a baby??? Babies aren't exactly light!This fan is fantastic! Super compact - looks very minimalistic and elegant on my office desk. I have it about 4-5 feet away and either of its 2 settings is more than enough when it gets a little warm in here. Plus the "blades" are just cloth flaps. Great if you stick your fingers in it - zero chance of injury. Very happy with the purchase. A+I have enjoyed using my little Zen. It travels nicely in its little pouch and keeps a battery charge well. It has a lock feature so you can have it in your pocket and not have to worrie about pressing buttons. The price is Wonderful conpared to ipods. And i can do more on my little Zen!Very plain and simple, this product isn't worth its weight in dirt. Absolutely worthless. Please do both of us a favor and stay away from this wireless transmitter.I used consumer reports to help me with my decision.   Excellent choice.   Very happy with the productnot worth the money. just get the $25 Sony MDR-EX51LP Fontopia Headphones...honestly, you can't tell the difference.This is a very durable, quality product.  Battery power is very long lasting.  Happy we got one.super quite !! crush little crunchy ice , great for cocktail . but no shaver ice .Product was in excellent condition when it arrived. Fast and simple transaction. Would definately do business again.The most useful thing you can buy with a Canon SD400. Protects the LCD better than anything.I needed an MP3 player to hang around my neck as I walked. Both on a treadmill and around town. This little player fit the bill for my needs.It is easy to program and to use. I recommend it for a person that wants a small simple to use MP3 PLAYERGREAT SELLER, SHIPPING OUTSTANDING -- QUALITY PRODUCT - FANTASTIC PRICE -- WOULD DEFINITELY ORDER FROM SELLER AGAIN!This is a wonderful and inexpensive bit of software!   Although, I am not into comics I love the templates for my photography.  There are all kinds of possibilities.  Do have a go at it.I was very satisfied with the quick delivery. The memory works great in my son's Fuji camera.Does the job perfectly. These are still priced, but in comparison, this monitor pays off its value.I would definitely purchase items from them again. Extremely fast shipping & great customer service. FIVE STARS!Good product, small and easy to carry but storage space is too small (just about 35 songs)Just used it a few times and seems like a fantastic product, very reliable on the road...It is powerful, a good value for a price below $1500. Some minor problems with the screen.My wife and I are very pleased with this purifier.  Extremely quiet and seems to be effective.The shipment of my product was excellent.  I am also very happy with the device itself.  It has a very large screen witch makes storing pictures and videos more worth while. I love it!This GPS navigator is "the way to go."  It is small and portable from vehicle to vehicle but is huge in its workability and functionality.  Really a winner in the GPS market.Compre la rebel xt primero por el precio, soy dise?ador gr?fico y trabajo con webs, y esta camara tiene suficiente poder para dedicarme solo a la fotografia profesional. He usado antes camaras canon y son muy buenas pero esta es una buena opcion para quienes inician en la fotografia profesional o fotografos mas avanzados. Tiene 5 puntos de enfoque que se pueden manipular para lograr efectos muy buenos, y una rafaga de disparos continuos de unos 12 disparos en unos 2a3 seg. Como detalle tambien les aclaro que el lente ef-s 18-55 que trae se queda corto para hacer acercamientos entonces tengan por seguro que tendran que adquirir otro lente. Otras baterias tambien son otra buena opcion para comprar puesto que si usan mucho el screen para revisar las fotografias se consumen bastante rapido.  Bueno, la verdad yo si la recomiendo.This is a wonderful little radio.  I bought it for my husband the audiophile, who enjoys relaxing after a hard day on the screened porched, with the news or his ipod.  The sound quality of this small package is rich, tuner and reception are terrific.  Won me lots of points.This is a huge waste of money... very boring... entertained my daughter for about two minutes...The best mp3 player i have two they are so cool nintendo rvolution rocks toOrder was delivered to us at an extreemly fast pace especially at an excellent price.Tons of oem options in the firmware but easily upgradeable to Linux based firmware.This Ipod was a birthday gift for my daughter and she loves it. It plays videos just like a little TV. It was worth the purchase price. And is very easy to use.I use this microphone with my Olympus DM-10 digital voice recorder. The entire package fits easily in a shirt or jacket pocket. As a radio/tv broadcast journalist, this compact microphone allows me to record spontaneous interviews in broadcast quality. This is a superb microphone and worth every penny.With a 4 gb drive and additional SD slot for more space, the Sansa e260 4 gb mp3 is far superior to the overhyped, overpriced Ipod. I cannot belive people, especially the younger uninformed crowd continues it's one sided love affair for anything Ipod. Sansa lasts much longer and provides piece of mind. I know that it will be there when I want it to perform and the music and photos are outstanding. Why run like lemmings to everything Ipod? Grow up.great product ,  fast delivery , i love the lowepro for carring camera equipment.  thanks again.I absolutely love my Sandisk 2GB MP3. This is my first mp3. I was debating on ipod but it too expensive. The sandisk is small, sleek, and affordable. I highly recommend it.Humorous, romantic, quirky, melodic: Tim Burton and Co. push this right buttons again in this feel ghoulish romp thru both sides of life.  Perfect for a family movie night or for a couple to share.This product arrived as advertized and works perfectly. Makes my older NEC 870 printer work seamlessly on my new laptop with only USB ports. I love it. I'm very happy with my purchase. Plus it arrived quickly and the price was reasonable. I would shop here again.I like my new Garmin and especially like to cycle through the various voices (Emily from the UK is my favorite).  And it has all of the local businesses and locations I need to navigate.  Also, very easy to enter locations and utilize while I'm driving and multi-tasking.This memory card was just what I needed for my psp and a great price to.The dual tuner feature won't work on this model TiVo after June 2009.  Don't buy it.I am so happy with this product; it has worked beautifully whether I am near my home in the NE or traveling to another part of the country. Small enough to carry easily, very accurate and has made navigating in a new location very simple. Good price too.Excelent product, very light weight but in my case siza were to big to my needs,Excellent GPS.  We now have three Garmin Nuvi 350's in the family and each user is very pleased.  Very fast performance.  If needed,it plans a new route in a matter of seconds.I'm pleased with the player.  It's a little pricey for its storage capacity, but it has a good size and an excellent screen.  I'd like  it to have a faster response time.I use it for my Sony DCR-SR47. It works. It is very useful. Love it. only compain is that the color is not match.This is a very useful tool.  Software is out there, just have to look for it!This was a very useful tool, I recommend it to everyone who needs to transfer data.Good product especially for the price point.  Everything I needed for a quality home theater setup.These Klipsch speakers are built of a high quality,sound real nice also,I am very pleased.    Irene.This is truly an orginal and fun movie to enjoy.  It is highly recommended to own.This product is very simple, convenient, and easy to use. I'm very pleased with this product.Just got to use this Nuvi 350 this weekend. Just two words, Love It. Thanks Amazon.The monitor is absolutely simple to use, and the heart rate it indicates is spot on.The product offers the facility to make the financial calculations of a fast and reliable wayI think sandisk usb is a little bit faster but for the price, it is good.Absolutely worth the pennies...Brought my Marathon time down 20 minutes. My only issue is the bulkiness.So Far I'm satisfied with this product. Price, design, quality - everything is good to me.It exceeded my expectations. I lik the quality of the recording very much. It also looks elegant and tres chic in my entertainment center. I recommend it. A+++++++Using this CF card in my Kodak DCS Pro SLR/n and Nikon D2h and I'm very happy with it.  The speed in the D2h is fantastic by clearing the buffer out quickly allowing me to easily capture images at the Monterey Historic Races.  Image review on the Kodak is much faster too.  I have taken over 10,000 images on this card so far and have had no issues.  Great value for the money!Very good, simple, and compact. A good addition to a 24k topo and compass. Redundancy and durability are important for eastern forest bushwackers.I use this for geocaching along with my iBook(mac) and it does meet my standards. Works with my iPod also for paperless geocaching.We have the Safari (older) version of this toy.  Our son absolutely adores it!  He's grown from exploring the toys to bouncing away as he's grown taller.  The only thing that makes us sad is that he'll grown out of it very soon.This little unit has a terrific sound quality and we are thoroughly enjoying it, especially during the holiday season. I highly recommend this item!Works well on my Macbook.  Use it to pre-cue with Djay and the Vestax VCI-100.  Also use it to transcribe Vinyl from a Technics SL1200-MKII into digital format.  Sturdy device with a lot of versatility.I bought this for my husband, who is a music fanatic, and he absolutely loves it!  He uses it in his car which has a jack.  He says it is fantastic!I have had this Item since the 29th od Dec. So far I have taken about 100 pictures. I am very pleased with the Speed & storage. So far no negatives.A nice backup solution. I like seagate because they offer a 5 year warranty where all the others only offer 3 years. The drive also runs cool and is very quiet.A nice backup solution. I like seagate because they offer a 5 year warranty where all the others only offer 3 years. The drive also runs cool and is very quiet.This unit has all the bells and whistles.  Very pleased with the accuracy.  Just needs a more detailed preloaded base mapvery girly way to glam up my backend...the backend of my car that is lol -super fast delivery but u have to get ur own screws no screws cae wit this just the frameThe Teac R1 AM/FM radio is a good little unit -  good sound compared to most small radios.  Subtle cabinet design instead of flashy, in-your-face, juvenile cabinets that seem to be so popular.This unit is quick and easy to use. The only downfall is you have to charge everytime you ues it, but worth it can save you a lot of time.This card works great in our Olympus digital camera and holds a ton of photos.I works flawless.  Smooth setup.  The remote is very helpful.  I would recommend it highly.I've had two, less powerful shredders previously; both lacked the power this one has. Shreds well. The only downside so far is that it is top heavy and easily tilts.A great time saver. Re-charges my ipod in very little time. Would reccommend to all.Serious bang for the buck ! We own 3 of them now...that says it all!This Fan is Ultra Quiet - used for air circulation of the home entertainment sytems.I'M VERY HAPPY WITH MY MP3 I DO LIKE ALL THE OPTIONS THAT IT HAS.This software is ideal for using digital photographs to create a wide variety of products!This product is absolutely amazing and it does the job it is supposed to do.Not the quickest card out there, but it gets the job done and is reliable.This was a gift to my daughter for her birthday.  She is very happy witrh its performance.  It is an entertainment help as she drives her car.The scanGuage does everything it claims and more.  I am very happy with this product!It gets the job done and is simple to use. The suction cup on my windshield is not my favorite feature but it is very small and convienant. My niebor has a Magelion and is buying one of these because she was impressed by it.This purchase was a gift and the recipient has been very happy with it.I received the item in a timely fashion and it was just what I needed.very please with this product.  Love to use it at home and in the car.Awesome if you don't want to spend a lot of money on a mp3 player.I've only used it with Compact Flash cards so far and have had no problems.Very expensive, very rugged, very flexible, but not a walk in the park to install.Gps works great.  Plenty of info to review to make adjustments to your training program.It's a wonderful piece of equipment.  Love it.  Wish they made one for larger objects.for the moment I am very happy of the product. The only thing it use lot of battery AAAWorks exactly like it should. plain and simple. Had it 1 month with 0 problems.This product has met our expectations.  We were hesitant to purchase a portable unit but this seems to do all that we need.Apple has now released an iPod that is amazing. This iPod can do everything. Here what the iPod can do: It can: Play movies, Film Clips, Music and Photos. I actully have a Black 30 GiG iPod. I filled about 6.85 GIGs of it. This is na amazing gadget. Here's what I have on my iPod: Music: Measure of a Man - Clay Aiken Merry Christmas With Love- Clay Aiken Jukebox Tour '05 Clay Aiken Independent Tour '04 Clay Aiken Solo Tour '04 Clay Aiken Joyful Noise '04 Clay Aiken Joyful Noise '05 Clay Aiken Clay Aiken: Live on American Idol Lion King on Broadway Peter Pan: Musical Production of the Play Titanic Back to Titanic Celine Dion Ebaums World Photos: Family Photos Videos: Ghosts of the Abyss Dickie Roberts: Former Child Star Titanic Clay Aiken Clips Bad Santa The 40 Year Old Virgin The Lion King The Lion King 2 : Simba's Pride Bad News Bears R.V The Bench Warmers Billy Madison Star Wars Episode III Revenge of the Sith South Park Movie: Bigger,Longer and Uncut Peter Pan Me,Myself and Irene This is what's on my iPod The iPod looks great Sounds Great and Works Great.Apple has now released an iPod that is amazing. This iPod can do everything. Here what the iPod can do: It can: Play movies, Film Clips, Music and Photos. I actully have a Black 30 GiG iPod. I filled about 6.85 GIGs of it. This is na amazing gadget. Here's what I have on my iPod: Music: Measure of a Man - Clay Aiken Merry Christmas With Love- Clay Aiken Jukebox Tour '05 Clay Aiken Independent Tour '04 Clay Aiken Solo Tour '04 Clay Aiken Joyful Noise '04 Clay Aiken Joyful Noise '05 Clay Aiken Clay Aiken: Live on American Idol Lion King on Broadway Peter Pan: Musical Production of the Play Titanic Back to Titanic Celine Dion Ebaums World Photos: Family Photos Videos: Ghosts of the Abyss Dickie Roberts: Former Child Star Titanic Clay Aiken Clips Bad Santa The 40 Year Old Virgin The Lion King The Lion King 2 : Simba's Pride Bad News Bears R.V The Bench Warmers Billy Madison Star Wars Episode III Revenge of the Sith South Park Movie: Bigger,Longer and Uncut Peter Pan Me,Myself and Irene This is what's on my iPod The iPod looks great Sounds Great and Works Great.We purchased a number of Cruzer Minis to pass out to employees at work. Everyone has been totally satisfied with the ease of use, the data transfer speed, the security features built in, and most of all the 2 MB of storage space. The SanDisk Cruzer Mini is a quality product and is definitely worth the price!this is a great wall mount but to get three studs it's a little wide for the mounts on my Sharp lcd.  that's more the tv's fault than the mount though.I tryed 3 other crushers and out of all this is the best bang for the buck. It makes crushed ice none stop and works great!!Kensington's Digital FM Transmitter and charger is exactly the product they claim it be. It brings in the iPod sounds onto an FM station with no interference, and no increased distortion. Thanks Kensington!I have had this device for about 4 months now and use it extensively.  The portability is great, it slips easily into my purse.  We travelled to Colorado last weekend and it got us from the airport to our cabin with absolutely no issues.  I also listen to audio books on it - very convenient and fast downloads from the internet.  I LOVE IT!I have had this modem for a few months now and it has performed flawlessly.  I always have a fast stable connection.  Motorola got it right with this surfboard.This product worked great!  Did exactly what we needed at our printing business - helped to match our LCD monitor colors to our Canon IPF9000, with very little trouble.I bought this for my son, who is an avid runner!  It is absolutely amazing, he assures me.  The GPS feature is great and tracks your distance very accurately!Very happy with the mp3 player.  Friends who have a ipod are jealous of the fm radio.  Would recommend this to everyone because of the price & performance. JHI was a bit concerned after reading someone else's review concerning poor workmanship. I don't see anything of the sort with mine. It's solid, comfortable and worth the price.I was a bit concerned after reading someone else's review concerning poor workmanship. I don't see anything of the sort with mine. It's solid, comfortable and worth the price.This is the only MP3 player I have had, so there is no basis for comparison. But I am perfectly happy with this one. It's very easy to use.I am very pleased with the wireless router I received.  I also received it in a very timely mannor.  I am very happy with anything I order from Amazon.I am 100% satisfied with this product. I also purchased a mount for my motorcycle and use it when traveling on it.Wouldn't go on a trip with out it.Awesome awesome awesome I travel a lot and never need to rent a Hertz Neverlost system ( at 20 bucks a day ) because I have this.. very portableThe ScanGauge-II does everything it claims to do. It is very handy for watching my fuel economy, among other things. I do not regret buying this product at all.This is a great GPS Unit.  It is very accurate and only 2 AA batteries last a suprisingly long time.  I had been researching and shopping around for a GPS for a while now and i am very happy with this Garmin Map60I got this for my dad who has a Nikon D60.  It's a wonderful size for his camera and two lenses.  The weather cover was an added bonus which comes out from the bottom of the bag and fits over the bag nicely.These cute and colorful little speakers (about 4.25" tall) are great for small areas - computer room, dorm, studio apartment, etc. The sound output is phenomenal for the compact size.  I was quite pleased with the product, they're a definite improvement on the default speakers that came with my computer - both in looks and sound quality!My Canon is such a pure delight, powerful FABULOUS photographs with instant results. I have been using film since I can remember, and having the professional quality digital is a dream come true. I use it with my existing lenses from my Elan and my Rebel. Glorious close ups and landscapes. So happy to be in the digital scene and show that I am a true professional! Thank you!!The Forerunner 305 works perfect for my use (speed inline skate) and is already a valuable tool for enhancing my training (just a happy amateur). It's very easy to set up and use. Have lots of praise for Garmin for this product.This camera is amazing. It, however, as all digital SLRs have, has a steep learning curve. If you just want to take pictures of the family, you won't be impressed. However if you are interested in other realms of photography, such as macro, nature, landscape, artistic, this is the perfect camera.Very comprehensive accounting package beneficial to small businesses, easy to use and cost effective!This is a great product.  It keeps my baby warm and she loves it.I absolutly love my SanDisk M240...!! I use it everyday at work..Makes my day...The Philips MCM240 is slim and stylish, and it has played all of the CD formats we have around the house. We are very happy with our purchase.Very nice looking, and sturdy for the price.  Definately would recomend to a friend..............These speakers are far superior than any others that I have ever had. I consider myself an audiophile and these babies rock. Fantastic, crisp, clear, high definition sound!no subscription fees or setup charges to use GPS. You can easily move the device from car to car. I am very happy with this device. Thank youVery quiet monitor without the static.  Also very lightweight and easy to carry around.Fast connection speeds, secure, and a breeze to set up.  No complaints at all!I am extremely pleased with this purchase.  The merchandise arrived quickly and is great.this is wonderful.  I really like it.  very portable and saves alot of songs.Exactly what I wanted for an outstanding price.  Lots of storage for your phone.Power Adapter included.  Same model as the one my child trains with at school.Works great, easily mounted my 23" LCD TV.  I used my own anchors though.This is a very sturdy wall mount. It was easy to install and comes with all you will need to mount on any surface. It articulates very nicely.This 1 GB device starts right up and saves immediatly; I am very pleased.This is a solid and well-thought-out little camera bag. Fits my S3 IS perfectly.love the gps its cool to see the steet names come up when drivingGreat PSU, easy install, everything needed is included.  Plenty of power and very quite.Canon A610 camera and Windows XP recognized this card instantly, and it's super fast!This is a GREAT item.  Needed for my LCD tv and did the job.The 80x cards are just as fast in my DMC-FX50 as the 150x I have.I'm quite pleased with this Canon side pack. My S5 Camera fits in it well, while in it's own compact-protective case, as well as a few lenses, also in their own compact protective cases. I can also fit my booklets in the pouches that are provided. I'm pleased with it's looks as well. : )My preemie son loves this bouncer seat! The toys are colorful and stimulating, the overhead mirror provides lots of entertainment for little ones. The music is soothing enough for when he falls asleep, but also upbeat and the volume can be turned up if you choose. The vibrations are also quieting and calming without being harsh and causing him to spit up like some swings do. I highly recommend this bouncer seat. It is also reasonably priced. A worthwhile product that will keep your baby happy when you need a break!large, fast compact flash card.  Works well with digital camera.  Get a USB2 card reader to speed downloads to your computer.This product was easy to install. I have a 32" LCD that needed to be mounted on a sidewall and this product was what I needed.i bought this little fan to use in our motorhome's bathroom. It's sturdy, quiet and moves the air around in a small space without blowing things all over the place. We do have a vent fan in the ceiling but the sound is deafening.This LCD HDTV is incredible. Especially for the price. You will not find a greater buy for a 32" Widescreen LCD anywhere. Get this TV and enjoy!It's small. Looks cool. Works perfectly. Holds all types of files. Has a replaceable battery. Sounds great. And, costs less than an iPod. What's not to like?We have been very happy with the leather carry case.  My husband likes to wear it on his belt when he is out walking in the mornings.The product is excellent!!! I'm fascinated whith it. I recommed to those who likes ear clear music and is easy to operate.The Waring IC70 Pro Professional Ice Crusher definitely looks great and does crush the ice...and quickly; however, I wanted a professional machine to make snow cones for my daughter and was hoping that when the ice was crushed the pieces would be smaller. I attempted to run the crushed ice through a second time but was unsuccessful to get the desired textured required for a snow cone. I rated this machine 3-star for the fact that the ice requires a bit more crushed!Highly recommended to kids of any age.  Burton's imagery and witty dialogue will entertain all, not to mention the music that inspires a spectrum of moods.bottomline, it works with no issues flash it with dd-wrt and some increased db antennas and you are in businessvery nice sleek little thing. I use it everywhere, it holds a lot of information.  The only thing i wish it came with was a string.I bought this bag for my Canon Power Shot S5 IS. The camera fits perfectly. It has lots of storage compartments and isn't too large such that it is a nusiance. Very sleek, high quality materials and stitching. Extremely satisfied.If you love crushed ice but don't have a refrigerator with a built-in dispenser, this is a great option. It is a little on the large size, especially height-wise, so make sure you have ample room for it (it feeds from the top). Lots of capacity and power.  Very pleased with this purchase.I don't have the 506v, but I do have a similar DXG product. Please take a look at my review for the DXG-305v. Anyone interested in the DXG-506v is invited to join the new DXG-Digital user group at Yahoo! to discuss all DXG products: http://groups.yahoo.com/group/dxg-digitaland also, doen't have radio FM ... I don't recomend.I am very pleased with the Airlink's size and simple design. It performs very well when signal path is unobstructed but has eight channel options, if needed, for enhanced performance. Unobtrusive and steady.The camera was brand new and delivery faster that originally estimated.  We're very happy with the seller as well as this item.  We'd buy here again.This item is very convient no need to tie up the computer, apple should include this with its ipod, shame on you Apple.Aunque no conocia esta marca, me arriesgu? por sus caracter?sticas t?cnicas y qued? gratamente sorprendido. Presenta una imagen sin igual. Colores, contraste, y velocidad superior. Comparados con otras marcas muy conocidas y de precio muy superior (como el otro que compr?) el N2050W 20 las deja 5 a?os atras.Could not be a simpler and easier GPS to use.  A few extra minutes needed to use all the features but as easy as can be.Excelente Camara Digital. Deberian incluir una tarjeta de memoria para completar el kit. La calidad de la Cam y sus infinitas funcionalidades. Software y accesorios completos.Easy to use and a great product!  Most importantly it's worth the money!!  Handy little gadget to have if you do any work on the computer!This product may not be as small as a wrist-watch, but I was surprised to see how nicely it fit. It's really a small wonder. Works very accurately, records every detail, and plots them nicely with the given software.Very affordable camera bag, it can fit two small cameras or camera and charger, has a small compartiment for memory cards and documents, and it can also fit a small cell phone. Seems to be strong enough to carry and protect a camera, I feel my camera is protected inside this case.The shredder easily takes 16 sheets and is fairly quiet for office useThe sony wide angle works as advertised.  I am very happy with it.Very pleased with this scanner - easy to use and very compact size.This is my second 4 GB Extreme III.  I use it on my 20D for weddings.  The card is fast and reliable and I shoot RAW.Have had it for 3 months now. Use it everyday with no problems.My sister has a small one bedroon apt and this product was perfect.This player was agift for my son who is thoroughly enjoying it.  All the functions work well, simple to use and so far is very dependable.This might seem superfluous since you can easily swaddle in regular blankets, but the difference is the baby can't wiggle his way out of this swaddle. It's so soft and cozy. Our son sleeps comfortably, and we don't worry about whether he's warm enough (even in January in the Midwest.) Definitely worth $10!I'm very happy with this product, it is very useful and covered my spectations.Easy to use, fast, quiet. A vast improvement over my old scanner.It was a gift for my adult son who is an avid bicycle racer.  He is extremely pleased with the item. I am pleased that it was shipped within about 2 days and received in a timely manner.Am very pleased with the memory card. My son got a psp for Christmas and is glad to have a memory card like this one.Wonderful product... My little girl will be soo comfy and cozy on the go!..Love the fact that its waterproof! Fits prefect in my infant carrier!This is my third Logitech mouse and it lives up to the reputation.  It's sleek and comfortable and stylish.  I recommend Logitech products to everyone.The gps watch is very light weight and user frindly. I use it on all my runs and i am very pleased with the product.I like the fact that it's small and portable.  It was a great price too compared with some of the other iPOD speakers I've seen.The Garmin 305 features are fabulous! What a wonderful training tool! The only "dark spot" is troubleshooting to download my workouts into the Garmin Center...I love this little fan.  It's perfect for cooling one person.  I have it on my nite table and use it every night.  Amazingly quiet and soothing air.This is a heavy duty product, and although I had to drill the TV mounting holes a bit larger to accomodate my LCD HDTV, that was not an issue at all.  It's just as likely that my HDTV manufacturer didn't use industry standard mounting bolts, but something heavier. The mount holds the TV where I want it, feels VERY strong, and has definitely improved the safety of the TV in a house with three young kids.This is a great product for the price and for the younger kids.  However, the memory is small for just a little more you can get the 512 which also has the feature of the fm radio.If you have tons of gadgets (like me :-)), rechargeable batteries are a must have companion to them.Inside the package was everything needed including a small screwdriver. It made me smile and tell people around me that a vendor could just do it right.Excellent quality product, the wi-fi reception has increased to where I can connect to my network from anywhere in the house. I'm pretty happy with this item.I like this DVD. It's entertaining and educational. I also like the very high recording quality. It's enjoyable. It also has a good price.I like this DVD. It's entertaining and educational. I also like the very high recording quality. It's enjoyable. It also has a good price.The product has performed exactly as I had hoped.  Delivery was expediant.These are wonderful. They wash up beautifully, do not shrink, and are so soft. My grandson loves them, as do my daughter and son-in-law. If you need to purchase the change pad, these are the covers to get. And with little boys, I would have 4-5 on hand.In terms of quality and performance the Garmin GPSMap 60CSx is superb.I love the sling-around design of this bag.  It also looks very stylish.  My Canon 40D with EF 28-135mm f/3.5-5.6 IS USM lens fits well along with a 50mm prime, charger, cables, and room to spare.This case works amazingly well. The ipod feels sturdy and secure within this, it covers about 99.9% of the device and does not feel cheap at all. This is absolutly worth the cost of the unit!I like the sleek design of iH5. The sound quality is awesome.Great product!!  Took me all of about 15 minutes to install on my wall.  Feels solid, moves with ease.  TV mounted to arm with existing holes, no drilling to mount or TV.  Silver color matches TV.A neat way to carry your music with you. Loading up is as simple as drop and drag. The only prob is that the controls are so small it is EZ to change your play settings.This vacuume is light and handy. It has many useful accesseries. With bagless  technology you are not worried about bags any more. Very stylish!Wow - 50 sheet feeder, 20 ppm, solves my document management problemVery happy with it and also the price I paid for it.Really happy with the space on this mp3. Delivery was extra prompt.Quality is acceptable, so far it's been quite reliable.  Worth the money.Over the years it has been a most reliable dvd+-r. Cost a little bit more, but you will always be happy with the resultsThis CF is not being read by my Canon Digital Rebel XT.fast shipping, mint condition. will definitely do business with this seller again.Great result but you're buying premium priced fuel that "burns" up fastNow have 3 of these units can`t be beat for the money!!!!its just as i thought it would be and it seems flawlessAnyone that does graphics or has muliple monitors will find this mousepad indespensible.While the case is nicely crafted of soft leather, it barley has room for the camera.  What to do with the battery charger, extra battery, extra memory, cables and other necessities that go along with a camera?I like this little device.  It is sturdy and easy to carry anywhere.  It reminds me of a tube of lipstick.  I just put it in my pocket or purse and go. Very useful toolEs muy facil de usar y su software de seguridad y de comprension es muy bueno lo recomiendo ampliamente.Great clarity, I can hear my son breathing!!  The two handsets are very useful, I am very happy with this monitor, no complaints.Great little mp3 player.  Only problem is the ear pieces that fall out.  But the player is light rugged and efficient with batteries.It's smaller than jump drives with far less capacity, and it's an absolute STEAL at any price under $20.  This is a no-brainer.like the AA batteries these batteries works perfect, they are durable and you can enjoy more time the charge,,,, you should have itAgain great tool and very compact. I don't see the need for a "wide screen" version of this device. Very happy so farI was very happy with the print quality for the price.  It is for my grandson's computer and he will be most pleased.nano sounds gr8 i m very happy with the sound i hear compared to a old mp3 player i had and also very sleek and easy to use..Swaddling truly helps our little girl relax and sleep, but wrestling her into a blanket was hit-or-miss for me - especially in a state of sleep deprivation.  This product took the fumbling out of the whole process.  Three or four moves and instant baby burrito!Works perfectly, haven't had any problems.  I use this with my macbook pro to hook up to my Optima HD 70 projector and it works great.  Can watch movie in huge widescreen outside!Works perfectly, haven't had any problems.  I use this with my macbook pro to hook up to my Optima HD 70 projector and it works great.  Can watch movie in huge widescreen outside!so far i have enjoyed it. however it need to be more roomy inside and the outside pockets need to be deeper.i need to now abuot the phone wich have three Handsets.I bought this for my marathon running wife...She absolutely loves it!...She is technologically dense and I am pleasantly surprised at how much she has used it and how little help she has neededExcelent camera for the price. I was inpressed with the many advanced features for being the bottom of the line dslr.This cable modem was easy to setup and has performed flawlessly.Great product.  Dual platform - works with both Macs & Windows.This is a comprehensive solution for both novice and advanced users, I'm very happy about this purchase and i didnt go for the mail in rebate because i thought it was worth $65.Only 1 slot for a 2 GB small MMC Card. Does not support the SD memory card type. Does not support Skype.It is good for travel but not on a daily basis. My baby slides on it. It is not balanced. Too deep.handy, useful and easy to operate...FM stereo is really cool feature.Easy to set up. Very accurate. Works flawlessly. Fun to use.I purchased this FM Transmitter for my husband and he was quite impressed with the sound quality. His 80GB (Video) iPod fits perfectly in the iPod holder/clip. The adjustable mount is convenient... my husband can use his iPod easily. Overall this product is PERFECT!It is smaller than my "full size" Garmin but the daughter seems to be perfectly satisfied with the unit and it's performance.I am very satisfied with this.  I have a smaller one and I needed a bigger one and they are both SanDisk.Excellent! Fast and reliable. It has been working perfectly for me.Received speakers quickly and daughter (in college) seems to be satisfied.this gps is absolutely worth the money. I vel-cro'd it to my motorcycle and have had no problems at all. It does everything I need it to and more at an inexpensive price.The radio is an inexpensive  adjunct to all the other super duper,HI Fi ,Stereo,etc,etc type of sound equipment. It's sturdy,easy to operate,I can see the numbers,hear the music  and it's compact. Works wonderfully.Very impressed with all the features, including text-to-speech.  Also was happy it came with a quality suction mount and a 12V car adapter.Tuve el placer de escuchar el Hifi de Apple, el Onstage de JBL (muy bueno pero carece de control remoto), el BOSE y el Klipsh IGroove. Termine comprando el IGroove. Definitivamente el mejor entre los anteriormente nombrados. Ahora bien, tiempo despues, vi el Klipsh IFI por internet. Me llamo la atencion por que tiene Subwoofer. Siempre me ha gustado el toque que le da el subwoofer a la musica, de manera pues que no me pude aguantar y lo compre. Este es definititivamente el mejor de los mejores. La calidad del sonido es espectacular. Si tienen el dinero y el espacio (es mas grande que los anteriormente nombrados) no les quepa la menor duda de que este es el mejor equipo que le puedes colocar a tu IPOD. Lo recomiendo ampliamente.Tuve el placer de escuchar el Hifi de Apple, el Onstage de JBL (muy bueno pero carece de control remoto), el BOSE y el Klipsh IGroove. Termine comprando el IGroove. Definitivamente el mejor entre los anteriormente nombrados. Ahora bien, tiempo despues, vi el Klipsh IFI por internet. Me llamo la atencion por que tiene Subwoofer. Siempre me ha gustado el toque que le da el subwoofer a la musica, de manera pues que no me pude aguantar y lo compre. Este es definititivamente el mejor de los mejores. La calidad del sonido es espectacular. Si tienen el dinero y el espacio (es mas grande que los anteriormente nombrados) no les quepa la menor duda de que este es el mejor equipo que le puedes colocar a tu IPOD. Lo recomiendo ampliamente.Bravo!!! Simple to use and uncanny in its accuracy....You can't beat this unit especially for the price!! To Garmin: Hey guys....you need to come up with a better suction cup!!The tracks have a tic that repeats every second, i.e. all voice recordings have a tic tic tic tic in the background.I love this gate. you can push the button mounted to the wall with your shoulder or elbow if your arms and hands are occupied by a baby or laundry or whatever.I have a 40" regza that I mounted on the wall. This mount is great, sturdy and very easy to mount with a partner. Extremely heavy duty and well worth the money.I am very happy with this product. Its a neat piece with great features for the price. Superior to Ipod nano.I use the GPS device for geocaching.  By far, it is the most supported GPS unit for the "hobby".  Love it.This pack came quickly and was exactly what I needed for our printer.  I will order more when the time comes.Very happy with the product so far and it looks like a new MP3 player. I am pleased with your service.Great little product and price. I want to buy another one for my Mac!Very lightweight, fits easily in my laptop bag.We love the Garmin Nuvi 350 - it does exactly what it's supposed to as far as a GPS plus more.I like all of the features. The heart rate block should be a little larger it's a little hard to see.Works perfectly for my PSP, people say its faster then the sony brand flash and I am inclined to believe them. With 4 gigs, I have plenty of room to store all my mediaThis product is excellent value for bird watching and nature gazing.  I'm very please with this purchase!This definitely has expanded my picture taking ability and its fast. WORTH THE PRICE>wow...all i can say is wow...great lens, with available 30mm wide angle and super fast f/1.4...what more can i say...love it, would recomment to anyoneDURABLE LIGHTWEIGHT ALUMINUM CONSTRUCTION! Give your iPod the ultimate protection with the lightweight aluminum constructed iSafe Hard Case for the iPod Mini. The form fit design ensures durability and protection with scratch resistant, lightweight aluminum construction. Easy-access ports let you power and enjoy your iPod Mini as you travel. The removable swivel clip allows 360? motion for maximum comfort, felxibility and convenience. Features: Silver metal casing Light weight Belt clip w/swivel clip Neoprene lining Fits iPod Mini models Easy-access ports Dimensions: 4 x 2 x 1-inches (H x W x D) Model No: SIL-ISAFE Weight: 1.5 Lbs.I compared a lot of bags for use with my new Nikon D50.   I wanted a bag that was versatile and could be carried on hikes.   The Lowepro Slingshot is definitely the bag for my camera!   Plenty of room for a couple of lens, the battery charger, and other small items.Has little imperfections, but the picture is crisp clear. After 10 months of everyday use no problems surfaced. In fact, I have it on a switch between 4 comps which run Win98/Win2000/WinXP, and it works fine with all of them.great product, essential training aid, works well and data is reliable.  only downfall is that it is a little bulky.The streetpilot is old, clunky and about the size of a TV sitting on your dash.  Get the Garmin Nuvi 360 and you will be extremely happy with the choice.The streetpilot is old, clunky and about the size of a TV sitting on your dash.  Get the Garmin Nuvi 360 and you will be extremely happy with the choice.Was pleasantly surprised at how powerful the fan was.  Would recommend it to everyone.  Especially those living in hurricane areas.This mount worked perfectly for our 23" HDTV in our nursery.   Very sturdy and heavy.  All required hardware was included.Fast service-quick delivery-best price (including postage)I could find on Internet.I bought this item for my wife's Jeep, so far it's been wonderful. I love how you can collapse the organizer if not needed, and how sturdy the product is.I had no promblems with this item. it works perfectly and does exactly what i want it to do A+++Excellent product. Fast Data transfer. Provides an excellent storage for Nikon D300 and uniterrupted continuous shooting for on .raw mode.Es buenisimo, tiene una excelente calidad de sonido la duracion de las baterias es buena mas de 16 horasWe had this in the smaller size for my son and he loves it. But had trouble finding it locally in the larger size when he grew out of the small one. He loves it, and so do we.This GPS system is AMAZING! It's easy to set up!  Shows EXACTLY where you are, and knows every curve and turn!  Informative, plays MP3's.  Easily update maps. This is the best gift ever!  Quick to recalculate.  Estimated arrival time is accurate.  We're very impressed with this pocket sized unit!This is absolutely a "must-have" for your newborn.  Babies love to be swaddled and this one is soft and easy to use.Very highly reliable digital picture storage device.  Get this one, it will become an element of your camera set.Excellent, quiet, small, air is visibly cleaner. A very worth while purifier for people with allergies.I got this for my son and he loves it.  He quickly and easily downloads photos to his ipod.  He is definitely using his digital camera more these days!I recommend to everyone interested to read Thal Ajoni's review before they make a decision to buy any of these videos. It's awesome, but these video's sure aren't!!!Very sturdy when placed on windshield or on mounting disks on my dash, glad I order 2 of themVery sturdy when placed on windshield or on mounting disks on my dash, glad I order 2 of themI've had absolutely no problems with this. This thing is super fast! Great buy especially since the price dropped!Nice little mouse so far. Smaller and more "handy" than the Logitech which would have been my second choice.The Compact Flash Drive works very well.  It is fast and does exactly what I need it to do.Includes everything needed in a phone, CallerID, PhoneBook, HeadPhone connection etc. One disadvantage is that it cannot be expanded to more than two units. Toam.Easily adjusts to different bed sizes and holds a lot of weight.  We use for co-sleeping but will also use when our son gets in his toddler bed.I use this to switch between a set top box, computer, and DVD player. It offers smooth nonstatic switching. It only only supports digital optical audio. You will need to buy a coaxial to optical adapter for a device that only has SPDIF coaxial digital audio.I have since moved on to RHEL and then settle on Ubuntu, but Suse Linux is a very comfortable fit for someone transitioning from Windows to Linux.Everything is awesome! The special edition rocks! You just have to be careful cause' it scratches very easilyThe price was great the camera has performed just wonderfully. The features and ease of use is fantastic.Works fine.  Fits our eXplorist 100 perfectly.  Hooks nicely onto a belt loop.  Five stars for the money.This camera for the money is a very good digital slr. Quick and easy to learn.For someone who owns slr cameras i am really enjoying this camera. small and light weight,quick on shots. for the money it,s great.having digital convenience with small size and not the heavy mess i.m use to carrying aroundThis assembled in just a couple of minutes without the need to refer to the instructions. The bench is comfortably padded and very affordable.This assembled in just a couple of minutes without the need to refer to the instructions. The bench is comfortably padded and very affordable.This mount is exactly what I was looking for.  It was inexpensive compared to comparable mounts, simple to install, very sturdy, and it provides the most amount of flexibility for viewing angles and positions.  The mount also came standard with an adapter to fit my Samsung 23-inch LCD (100mm x 200mm mount).It is a good small bag for carrying just what you need, not much extra room, still need another bag for other things like a laptop.This is perfect for me.  I needed something small to use when I walk..I was happy to have the FM radio as a part of it.I'm very happy with the monitor. The only thing is that the height could be more adjustable, but not a big deal. Definitely worth the priceA great little fan. Simple, no frills design. Soft blades are a stroke of genius.This runners watch delivers everthing. It is light, comfortable and accurate. The software provides a terrific way to review your training history and plan for improvement.The Extreme III Compact Flash is great.  I use it in my Canon 40D and Canon 20D with no problems at all.  It is fast and reliable!  I would not hesitate to purchase more.Has a strong wind but the batteries die quickly. Buy rechargeable batteries and you will be okay.THE GARMIN NUVI 350 IS SIMPLE, COMPACT, AND EASY TO USE.  NO MORE MAPS TO FUSS WITH.So far I am very please with this lens.I like the smooth operation and the picture quality.Huey is a great, affordable product.  It is extremely simple to use; calibration takes about 2 minutes.The Etymotic earphones sound great and I love the fact that Etymotic includes extra triple flange earphone tips with their product. I have been comparing the ER-4P with the Shure E5c. The sound is comparable and the price difference closes the deal!I'm very happy with my dvd battery pack purchase from batterygeek.net. I'm getting a fantastic amount of run time. Also, I like how thier batteries are so lightweight and portable.for the 1st 6 mo, my daughter had to be swaddled to sleep.  This product kept her snug and was quick and easy to use.We are happy with this headset- We try it for a period of 2-3 hours continuos listerning and it it very comfortable. Diem-TuI have a Sony Cybershot, but needed more than the standard memory size in anticipation of my brother's wedding. This 2.0 GB memory stick was perfect for my needs and the price point was great. I'm very happy with my purchase.Can't be beat for the price. No lag problems playing PS2 games. Awesome for watching DVDs.Other than the difficulty to navigate through some of the menus it's overall an amazing product. Rightly priced and amazing functionality at very low weight.Definitely better than carrying a handful of specialized chargers and having to decide which one gets to use the 12 V outlet.I gifted this to a friend and they love it, specially because it supports their back.This is a good small GPS, the only complaint I have is a little bit pricy.This was a wonderful addition to my PC - truly plug and play and very useful.I have been very happy with this product and also about how quick it got here.I am really happy with the bundle.  I don't have to worry about carrying extra blankets.The material is soft and warm, and very roomy. The delivery was on time. No complaints.... and it just works. What more do you want? Small, 1GB, fast, simple. 'Nuff said.Battery life is extremely short especially if you watch videos. Overall concept and functions are outstanding!I do a lot of portrait photography with my D200 and Nikon 28-70/2.8. The MB-D200 helps the balance with the large lens and also makes shooting in portrait orientation more comfortable. Contrary to some of the other reviews I've read, I don't find the finish to be cheap, and it connects solidly to my D200.if you're reading this then you want it. it's as good as everyone says it it. quick. fast. bulky but comfortable. but more importantly motivating and essential to track your training.I use this USB fan to cool my Satellite DVR and receivers which run very hot! They are quiet, adjustable speed and provide the needed cooling.  Very pleased with this fan.This product came will all the mounting and adjusting accessories.  You just need a drill, bit, screwdriver, and hammer to install.  Moves smoothly.THIS CASE IS SIMPLE BUT FUNCTIONAL. THE MAGNETIC FLAP IS STRONG BUT NOT TOO STRONG. IT IS COMPACT AND GOOD. I RECOMMEND IT.I bought these speakers to use with my HP laptop.  I am very pleased with them...rich and pure sound.  Definitely worth the price!This unit is quiet and definately does its job for being so portable.  Absolutely better then the one we have in the furnace.  Easy to maintain and clean.  I would definately recomend this to anyone in the marketthe stereo is nice and slim , but not very powerful (loud), overall im satisfieddid not use it. my fault, just a spare item incase I may need oneI was very satisfied with the delivery of the order and the product operates perfectly.Item delivered quickly and efficently.  All seems to work well and is a very neat little item.  Will be useful.  Thank you.Item delivered quickly and efficently.  All seems to work well and is a very neat little item.  Will be useful.  Thank you.Apple continues to impress with their speed of improving technology.  We traded up from an ipod mini and were very impressed!Worth the price. It's stable and fast. I don't need to wait the card while capturing the good gestures of my baby!These are a great little set of speakers, especially for the price,,,if you want BOOMBOX sound go to boomboxes,,,, this is just a delightful player,,,,fills my house with clear sound,,,,, my music sounds wonderful,,,This is one of the most usefull products in my arsenal. I love it.This GPS watch is fantastic!!  Extremely acurate.  Helps with my marathon training.  Great to use since I can run anywhere and know exactly how far I am going without having to map out my route with my car.I think it is very fun and very educational.I like the hunting the most.the Garmin 350 is user friendly and accurate.  The feature of having the street names announced is worth the extra investment....keeps our son warm and comfortable. And he looks so cute in it :)Happy with the purchase. It's very quiet and has abundance of cables for expansion.This portable speaker seems great, small and compact.  I'm very happy with this purchase.This memory card it's so fast whe you are downloding from your camera.I work in a doctors office doing laser hair removal and need to crush ice daily for each treatment.  This unit is very quick. Its also very compact so fits nicely under a cupboard.The 305 is amazing.  It tracks distance perfectly.  The time to lock satellites is extremely quick!  The included software makes preparing and tracking your training extremely easy.  I definitely am satisfied with the purchase.This purchase far exceeded our expectations. The scanner works flawlessly and comes with an absolutely awesome software bundle. This purchase is well worth every dollar.....and them some.This grip fits my 3001 model easily and snugly, and makes the PSP more comfortable to hold in my adult-sized hands. I'm very happy overall with it.This cover is exactly what I was looking for. It definately protects my iPod from scratches and looks cool too!This product works perfectly.  It tilts and swivels and is inexpensive.  I had it out of the box mounted with the tv on it in minutes.The is a terrific product!!!!!!!!!!!Accurate,easy to navigate,crystal clear display,compact!!! Who says SIZE MATTERS!!!!!!QuickBooks Pro 2006 works well for what we need for our small business.Very fast and reliable service. Will buy from them again...A+++ in my book.I am extremely happy with all aspects of this order, product and deliveryI really enjoyed Corpse Bride - might be a little scary for young kids.  Too ghoul that it was a musical!The adjustable stool was just what we needed. It is sturdy and comfortable. The price was great as well.The adjustable stool was just what we needed. It is sturdy and comfortable. The price was great as well.I am impressed.  Something that seems so simple and unasuming can do so much. It looks simple and is simple to operate.  I am impressed.this is, easily, my favorite lens for walking around. everything from the build-quality to the optics and the little extras they include in the box make this a really solid buy.So far so good. Heavy duty. Does make a windy sound when it shreds larger qauntities of papers. But overall pretty happy with product.Solid hood, reverses on lens for storage. Very rare I do not use this hood when shooting macro.extremely flexible product!  i like how the seat moves, the tray moves, it is very washable and comfy!fast and reliable..well worth the moneyFast shipping and the cheastest I found this product anywhere, sweet!! Thanks.This does everything it advertises. Very simple and functional. Could be built a little smaller. Would purchase again.This product was exactly what I needed for my phone LG VX8100Very solid--holds a ton of stuff.Very quiet.  The modular cords are kind of bulky, but my system runs about 6 degrees cooler.  I'm very satisfied so far.I have my pc in an area with little air flow and needed something. This fan is awesome and quiet. No issues at all. MikeExcellent card and amazing price. Works fast with my Canon and it gives me 454 raw images! I'm satisfied with this product.It's awesome...it took me exactly where I needed to go. The extra features are a plus too. I'm happy with this purchase!With the same capacity, the NiMH will definitely outperform their NiCad counterpart.I enjoyed watching this DVD.  I bought it for my daughter and she absolutely loves it!This potty chair is very convenient, but VERY small.   It is sturdy and easy to clean.The service was excelent, The time of delivery excelent, The support was excelent, The product excelent.Movies or continuous shooting with my S2IS camera works great. No problems so far.What you ask for is what you get.  Greatly priced and quick on the shipment.I'm extremely pleased with the contour, comfort, heft, precision and features of this mouse.  I also think it pretty.  It's my favorite mouse (so far).my mp3 need aaa batteries. The rechargeable AAA 900 mAh Batteries are very useful. Cheap.Installation quick and easy to accomplish; directions for use are clear and concise; happy with overall performance and quality.This is awsome GPS. Quick rerounting,Clear voice turns and Compact size. I dont know how to drive without it.Very exquisite, powerful, the only issue is battery lifeVery pleased with product. Very accurate. Locks on GPS satellites quickly. Compass and altimeter are very useful features.This card works perfectly in my 8 megapixel Olympus C-8080 digital camera.We needed a VCR and this fit what we needed. It's simple, compact & efficient.