good product, works just fineNew generation ipods keep getting better...QuickBooks Pro 2006 works well for what we need for our small business.Works good but as with all Ni-Cad batteries they are too expensive for what you get.Player works good, but ear buds didn't last a week. Hassel getting music loaded onto product.Please remove this item. Unless, you believe pushing bold-faced lies is acceptable...? I hope not.These headphones have better noise cancelling but the sound quality is not as good as the E3c-n series.Nice little player.  runs on a replacable batter, which is nice.  Good quality unit with no complaints.what a rip off you will find when the filters need replacing. good luckworks fine, but like the units with more memory better.  No problems with itGood product that allows for up to four printers to be used.  Low cost.Worst product ever manufactured. No back light for clock radio poor quality sound. alarm does not work properly.  and hard to find the talk button when phone rings.  Send back to R&D for upgrades!!!!!We purchased these for under cabinet lighting in our kitchen. They look good, but the light just isn't nearly bright enough for accent lighting.  They work great, just not what we were hoping for.We purchased these for under cabinet lighting in our kitchen. They look good, but the light just isn't nearly bright enough for accent lighting.  They work great, just not what we were hoping for.[...] Notice Regarding Camcorders JVC has received reports that in certain circumstances, a small quantity of units of the models listed below, may, while in the camera mode, show no picture, a distorted picture and/or display "LENS CAP" even though the lens cap is removed. We have identified the cause as a failure of the CCD image sensor. Until October 1, 2007, repairs of units exhibiting these problems will be made free of charge at JVC Factory Service Centers. Click thisFactory Service Center link to find your nearest location. Please call (800) 858-6442 if you need any assistance in obtaining a free repair. We apologize for any inconvenience and are appreciative of your understanding and support. Model Numbers VHS-C Camcorders GR-AX880US, GR-AX890US, GR-AXM151US, GR-SXM161US, GR-SXM250US. GR-SXM260US, GR-SXM265US, GR-SXM750US, GR-SXM755US DVC Camcorders GR-D22US, GR-D30US, GR-D31US, GR-D32US, GR-D33US, GR-D70US, GR-D71US, GR-D72US, GR-D73US, GR-D74US, GR-D90US, GR-D91US, GR-DX75US, GR-DX77US, GR-DX95US, GR-DX97US, GR-HD1US, JY-HD10USSound quality poor. Product was delivered late by a week.great idea but not enough light for under cabinet lighting.great idea but not enough light for under cabinet lighting.If you are looking for a noise canceling headphone this is nowhere near it. I wont reduce any sound except for low frequency; really low frequency.mouse is good for 25 bucks. email button is working. IM once worked but stopped working.Had purchased generic replacements and had nothing but problems. This item has run without any issues.Canon lide is really good, no matter which model. This one has basic functions, works well with good qualityThis is a good price for a brand-name, quality product.  They've been burning without issue.Worked only two hours before locking up. Firmware or memory is bad.Got product, did not work.  Company did not send return authoriaztion number.  Amazon.com was no help.  Stay away from these people.The retractable usb plug is sturdy, and works well!Good idea but no way to adjust volume for each speaker. When volume is turned past medium there is a loud irritating vibration on low frequencies that was not present before the FireWave was connect up.This is a straightforward black and white printer with no frills.  It works just fine!I upgraded from NIS '04.  I tried McAfee (free for Comcast users), but my PC would not boot fully afterwards.  Upgraded to NIS 2006 with no problems at all.  I have never had any problems with Norton products.THE CASSETTE PLAYER DOES NOT WORK.IT PLAYS CD'S BUT NO CASSETTE AND WHEN I TRIED TO CONTACT CUSTOMER SERVICE ABOUT THIS THERE IS NO PHONE NUMBER,JUST A EMAIL CONTACT.The cable did not work when connecting a usb printer to a parallel laptop port under Windows 95.  Maybe it would work for a parallel printer to a usb laptop port under Windows 95, but that was not what I bought it for.I used these batteries for my mp3 player, after these batteries are charged, they last for pretty long.  Good quality.Could never get it to work with windows vista and could not find drivers on motorola websiteWhy would you have a writing program with no word count? Buy another program this one stinks!Word space for the other language is not work performed or designed. For english OK! work's good.Really fast card;no problems. If upgrading from older versions, YOU WILL ALSO NEED A NEW CARD READER.Good for using ole HD backup, easy assembly, case look cheap but working good, money well spend..Believe me I've looked. They're glossy and sleek. But they will get warm, even hot. Probably could use some vents.Finally able to use my dinosaur laser printer again!  Cable worked as expected...Received promptly!Great player.  Needed to buy different ear buds but that's usually par for course.NOT MAC COMPATIBLE, NOT STILL ENOUGH, FREEZES UP, LOOK'S LIKE AN 1980'S SERVALENCE CAM.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0007P6NX6/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title This product has actually worked really well. I use them for content that HSN uses for on air and they have worked well so far.product worked well when received but started "locking up" after 2wks and now wont start.  bewaregranted this item costs $20.00... but if you are looking for good greeting card software......look else where.... i should have gone to Hallmark and bought 4 cards for $20... at least i would have got quality.It's cheap and good.  Good and well known brand.  Buy it.Ist good and have good functions but it needs much batteryLogical controls,FM arial not quite good enough for weak stations. Audio quality accurate; coud be better but that would raise the price beyond feasibility (Bose costs $500+). A good buy.I have not have time to really work with it yet, but what I have worked with is awesome.easy to install and get working. Works with xp pro,vista business and premium with no problems or drivers needed.We have used the product before for our canon printer. Although we have not used the item purchased from you, we expect to have a good result.This single cartridge printer is a good buy. Produces a deep black at a reasonable cost per page. Paper feed is a bit loud, but print speed is impressive for a sub fifty dollar unit.Careful - this item, if purchased from Ace Digital Club does not come with a US warranty. Same unit but no US warranty. If not from Ace Digital Club, check with the provider before purchase.I have written once that this cable is faulty,and you promised me to replace it,but...zero!!!where is a right cable for my nokia 6225 that would recognisable by my computer?Send me,please EliThe product is good. Sound quality is good. The only problem is it doesn`t have FM.This product was just what I wanted.  VCR only, not DVD.  It works well, came even before promised.  I would recommend it for anyone who just wants a VCR.Worked immediately for Win XP with an ancient Lexmark 1020 ink jet printer.  Would not work with an HP deskjet 540.this webcam is not compatible with acer ferrari, with windows xp. I don't know why. I just returned it.It will play limited HD files but it will NOT play MKV files or even WMA with HD sound. Due this these limitations I returned this produced and got Popcorn Hour A-100 that plays every media file.Never received player. After numerous tries to contact the company. Nothing from them!!!!!Nothing wrong with the wire. After conecting the wire to the T.V., however, I realized a longer one would have probably been better.  Nice wire though.I had no problems with this whatsoever. The plastic is thick, and it has pieces to cover virtually every part of your iPod. I have ZERO bubbles left under, so if you're careful like I was that won't happen.Works for LOCAL, that is, NEARBY stations only.  Over rated.  Nothing but rabbit ears with low power amp.Purchased this last Christmas.It was difficult to set up. The DVD part never worked. Would not purchase this.I have had no problems with Norton unlike reports I have heard. I will continue to use their product and support when needed.When I installed the 4 port USB Card my computer would not come on. I guess I got what I paid for:  CHEAP!Other reviewer was quite right; not good for under the kitchen counter or over the kitchen sink, but could be handy in other places - closet for example!!!!Other reviewer was quite right; not good for under the kitchen counter or over the kitchen sink, but could be handy in other places - closet for example!!!!Be cautious with which phone you are purchasing this software for....it's not compatible with Verizon's phones, specifically LG 6000 series.  They are accepting a full refund for return.Everything went well and the product performance is excellent.Apart from that hassel free shopping.Product came with time and proper packing.Experience shopping with Amazon was too good.I often have problems with memorex brand but have never had a problem with Verbatimthink carefully before buying this brand.  Bought another model (cost $149), broke in 1 week.  not under warranty and company does not repair their product.good for my creative Zen mp3 radio/recorder/mp3, last pretty long, just can not find which one is charged and which one is not, if there is a label to help me remember should be better.Have had no problems with my new transmitter. Bought this one as a replacement and have been pleased with it.The unit I received would lock up. It would not reboot with the front panel power switch (even when pressed for over 5 secs), so I was constantly unplugging the system to get it restarted.Useless for recording from satellite receiver. Can't manually schedule recordings.Does not work with satellite TV.Only with TV Guide from cable.This product is pretty good; However, the only trouble is getting hold of Customer support.This Web Cam does not have any low light quality at all, I have several cheaper webcams that have MUCH better low light quality.  I would not suggest anyone buying this cam for settings where lighting is not Extremely bright.Creative was help and now I'm stuck with a cam that don't work.  I would never buy from creative again.Decent for the money, basic, no fancy stuff.  Not thrilled with scrolling wheel, but whatever~I could not get past the buggy registration process so I can't use the product. Why is registration required when you pay full price for a retail version, who gave Intuit the right to require registration after collecting payment. I wish I had googled this before buying. I'm not the only one with this problem. License issues apparently repeat with every new release every year.Not the best noise canceling headphones, but if you are looking for something cheap (n not willing to pay over $200) they are quite nice.Case quality is fine, but connectors are cheap and hard to get connected (the pins are not fixed straight ahead in the power connector so as the wires wiggle around the back, the pins also wiggle around and are hard to get all lined up to get them connected).  However once connected the product worked as expected.The item would not work.  Phone worked only without radio plugged in.  Called for tech help.  Got someone who had trouble with English, and could only read from a script.  Returned product, but ended up paying as much for shipping and restocking as I paid for it.Nothing wrong with the product , problem was with the seller. When I found I didn't need this particular item, they would not let me return it. So I have an unused Wireless LAN Card, which I'm sure is a fine product, just not what I needed.this unit does not have a cablecard slot... at least not listed here, nor on Pioneer's website. Have to go up to the 4360HD for that.Retractable cable is a good feature for use, but the sound quality is not good enough. You may hear additional noise, not apparently, but it is there.Not as bright as I had expected from LED lights. This is kind of like those cheap city street lamps. I really was hoping for something brighter.This product is for person who never exercise before and now is working out.  Easy to use and do settings. Good product!I find that the cordless laser mouse functions well when only the pointer is used.  The other functions are a miss,hit performance.This product is not Noise Cancelling. The sound quality is good, but the price is too high.Do not buy it. Unable to print long documents without jaming. HP put out a terrible printer.i bought this unit in january,already got it replacd under warranty 3 times.this junk freezes,every unit i have had has same problems.wound not buy again any humax productThe scanner is pretty good, but Epson no longer deserves a high reputation as a company.  They advertise, for example, that your package includes Adobe Photoshop Elements, but what you get is Elements version 3, which has been obsolete for 3 years!  Elements 6 is the current version.  And,if you check their website there is no provision to make general contact to register a complaint.THIS ITEM WAS WAS REMANUFACTURED BUT LOOK AND PERFORMED LIKE A NEW UNIT. VERY PLEASE!!!Worked as it always has for years.  No problems with virus intrusions.What else do you expect? Search no longer - buy it here!We were looking for Bluetooth technology for Motorola/Sony computer.  This is perfect.I PURCHASED THIS FOR MY DAUGHTER. IT WORKS WELL. NO COMPLAINTS HERE.Cable that came with the card reader was defective and crashed my computer. Fortunately, I had a spare cable and the reader works fine.CHEAP HEADPHONES, IF YOUR LOOKING FOR NOISE CANCELING HEADPHONE WHIT BASS THIS IS NO THE HEADPHONE FOR YOU...............Works well like most people say here, but the rabbit ears are quite weak, even if you are careful with your electronics equipment.  RCA does have a 1 year warranty, which I am using now to replace my broken antenna.I like other reviewers am having this problem.  This fancy little drive worked fine for 3 months or so but now it is not even big enough to become a paperweight.  I'll go with Lexar next time.Nice memory Hard to push some buttons Tons of functionality (FM radio, FM radio record, heart rate monitor, etc.)Nice memory Hard to push some buttons Tons of functionality (FM radio, FM radio record, heart rate monitor, etc.)This was just as advertised, good product, fast service. Not really enough storage for my needs, but works fine.I bought five uniden headsets and, less than a year later, three consistently fail (i.e., disconnect, immediately run out of power though they've been charged for hours). I'm really disappointed with these phones and won't buy uniden again.Was very unhappy. This item was not compatable with Vista which is technology that most computers are going to.COBY, 2.4 GHZ Cordless Phone, CD Player, AM/AM Alarm Clock, Radio Bought for my daughter and she loves it.Nothing but the alarm clock part even worked. The CD player never worked and the phone was constantly changing channels making horrible sounds from static to ear piercing squeaks. The concept was great, but the quality was so poor I'm not even risking an exchange to see if it was a lemon.Generally - pleased with performance. I do hear a slight hum when using earplugs with the unit for private listening. Also would be nice to have battery-powered option but overall a good purchase.I agree with the other review who gave it 2 stars. text editor is worthless. No spell check. No word count. whats the pointI had no problems installing on Windows XP. After the install finished it asked for a reboot. Live update ran. Everything works. No complaints.Works with iPhone and works well. Good result with rechargeable batteries. It also shows the battery level which is also helpful.This is not worth buying no matter how cheap ($7).  I'll spring loose with a few bucks a go with Adobe.I bought this phone, but came open, without the manual information. By the way, works well and is a new product.Anyone who gives Quickbooks Pro 2006 a good review has not used a prior version of Quickbooks.  The slowness of the 2006 version over previous versions is significant.This item seems to be working pretty good, have not had much use for it these days, but when I needed to use it, it worked fairly good.The product works fine and I had no trouble getting it from the vendorI have no problems with it.  I am no audiophile but it sounds good.The $144.00 version of this upgrade is good only for previous versions of Photoshop 5.0 and up.  The upgrade from Photoshop Elements 3.0 is $449.  Don't get caught.Excellent Product--I have had no problems whatsoever.  Best phone system I have ever had.No operational problems. Minor problem with product update service displaying expiration in negative days.I use these in combination with the green low-energy night lights.  The low-energy night lights provide reference points in the dark and these (near the stairs) come on when there's movement.  Good coverage and sensitivity.The product was good but was shipped with an old filter. it was kind of urgent so did not bother calling customer care. guess have to change it once it gets bad. But the overall performance was good, easy to handle and clean regularly.This product shows low battery display even when I put in brand new batteries.  How can a new unit have such a problem.  Unfortunately I have not saved the product packaging, otherwise I would have returned it.with the lack of .QIF support, this version of Quicken is a shell of the prior versions. Not all banks will pay the big bucks for Quicken's new format charges. Buy an older version instead of this.This is just what I wanted with clock and radio together, but the light is very bright and if I had known that would have gone with a different brand.i have had these 6 months, and they have broken already.  the folding portion is poorly constructed.  they were under normal usage conditions, i hardly folded them.  cheap.  bad news.I was looking for a Clock radio/phone, with a battery backup and caller ID; and this one works well.  It was also inexpensive.I thought the light would be bright but it works as if it might work for a night light but not much elseI thought the light would be bright but it works as if it might work for a night light but not much elseThis thing is awesome! No complaints and even helped me get to a little known named place called DORTHY NJ with no hassles!Lid to CD player wiil not latch Amazon sent me a replacement however it would not close also. I never received credit for the unit. Jeffery PopeAny computer hardware is useless without the proper drivers to power them and this pice of hardware is incompatible with Vista. The incoherent manual is well documented by other users, so no further comment is needed. The card did work well enough intitally, before crashing my system.This drive has been working really well for me.  I back up files from my Linux and Windows boxes without a problem.  The FireWire is really nice to have.  Would definitely recommend.Product shipped was not as advertised. Rather, it was a generic version that did not work.Cheap selector round mechanical thing............it would be better if it was all flat like a nanoordered it never got emailed and never heard from seller, would never buy from him againordered it never got emailed and never heard from seller, would never buy from him againFor people looking to save power this may be for you, but if you are expecting bright light or even distribution of the light this is NOT the LED bulb for you.WHat else can I say.  It works no problems, but just got rid of cable internet.These blanks give me fewer bad media errors than other brands.  I'll be buying them again.works good.  I had hoped it would work with other radios (portable) but it does not.CyberHome = Worst quality products. Email CyberHome three times. No response. They don't support their products.I really like this player.  I like products that use regular batteries.  Special batteries and chargers are not for me.  Controls are good and easy to work.  Holds a lot of music.works great. shipped on time. Ez hook up for people who know what they are doing.I expected a card as advertised, with pin connections on the card, but received the three cards without the pin connections. I needed that for the front panel connections on my computers.It really depends on the power-up order, whether this switcher responds to commands.  Sometimes, it won't even respond to the physical buttons on its face, let alone the remote control, necessitating a "hard reboot" -pulling the power cord- before it responds. Not a high-quality circuit board, I fear.We have been using Backup MY PC for many years, and we recently upgraded to the new PC Backu UP program.  The program works well, but the distribution cd is packed in a cardboard holder which compresses the cd side to side and after being in storage before shipping, it gradually bows the cd so it isn't flat.  I had to download the program from their website to get it to install.  Amazon gladly replaced the cd for us, but the replacement was also bowed.  We are presently waiting for a good cd to be shipped to us so we have a proper backup cd for future use.I expect a lot more from Sony. Christmas to New Years is, what? One week? This Walkman will no longer read any disk. Even with fresh batteries. And if the Walkman WORKED, the difficult to read buttons wouldn't be an issue.I expect a lot more from Sony. Christmas to New Years is, what? One week? This Walkman will no longer read any disk. Even with fresh batteries. And if the Walkman WORKED, the difficult to read buttons wouldn't be an issue.There is no usb hub on the new dell mother board...make sure u check to see if u have the usb pins before u orderI too purchased the product. It will not activate when you are in a network with a firewall. I e-mailed the company but no response.The headphones work well enough for my 9 year old child.  They could have a better quality but hey for only .01 they are awesome.The modem router is Ok. Setup is not friendly. Need to power-cycle every 9-12 hours. OK purchase good vendor. Product is not up to expectations.Radio stations continue to bleed over CD player regardless of what station preset you use. It is also very noisy when CD not playing music.this memory card is pretty good considering size of the card, vs. cost. The card works well with the phone, and is a great buy!I bought it specially to listen to library's audio books whose license is incompatible with iPods. Sound quality is good. Overall pleased with the performance.Why settle for less, when you can get a brand new original iPod nano 4GB for Free! I got mine from this web site:  http://dusturl.com/veWhy settle for less, when you can get a brand new original iPod nano 4GB for Free! I got mine from this web site:  http://dusturl.com/veFast ship. Quality product. I've used off-brand cartridges before, but the quality was not as good. With Epson carts, I run the head cleaner less often, thus saving valuable ink for its intended purpose.It automatically skipped backing up all the hidden folders/files that are not system files. And if you are backing up why would you not back up the hidden folders/files? And absolutely no warning about hidden files. I thought it backed up all my required files so I deleted my originals just to find out that it had not backed up the hidden folder. I lost my entire folder.I have used QuickBooks for 7 years now and it's like they just keep getting better and better!  This product is so user-friendly!  I would recommend this (and have just recently) to anyone needing a good financial software program for a small business.Don't bother with this hub; the firewire ports are unpowered.  Your iPod will drain its battery power; your firewire hard drive will not work unless it has its own AC power source.This product looks good and has basic features. It is a good deck for people who do not require a lot. The usb port does not work it will not read the mp3 file. The main reason I bought this product was for its usb port.I think I made a bad buy.I thought buying a cheap mp3 playing cd player would be pretty safe, since I wasn't looking for anything to listen to my high end stuff. Well 25 bucks sounded too good to be true. First thing I noticed was an unGodly hum that has no rhyme or reason. I never heard the name Coby before and hope to never hear its name or its hum again. (you get what you pay for)Nice product, but the forward/reverse/pause button is more difficult to use than the SanDiskm240 I previously was using.The SmartDisk fotochute worked fine with Windows XP, but there is no driver for Windows Vista and the company has been sold so tech support is gone.I have used this drive with no problems.  I use it for school everyday, and have no problems with it loading on any computer I put it on.  I have have heard negative comments that files will disappear, but I have not had this happen.The unit now meets my expectations.  However,with the first unit I received the CD player did not work.This GPS was a great buy. Works well, have had no problems with it. Cheapest I've found it!Using it to charge Ipod and phone - works just fine.  Price was nice.  Hopefully, it will last.this player plays good but controls are hard to use it takes time to get use to themI couldn't get it to work, finally sent it back.  I guess you get what you pay for.Garmin 60CSx returned, because half of menu buttons did not function. Amazon promptly replaced with new functioning unit.this player plays good but controls are hard to use it takes time to get use to themi've not had any major problems with it except that the speaker is not loud for direction giving but quite loud when you are playing your mp3. i like the fact that you know the exact name of the next turn. a good buy overall.This is a good power supply for lower level PC's.  It has good quality at a reasonable price.This product is horrible! Since we've installed Norton, we have had three viruses, and they charged us $100 to get rid of the last one!  To be fair, this product is easy to use, but not very effective.  There are free anti-virus programs out there that are just as good at protecting against viruses.Although M-audio claims the 49e is compliant with Windows XP, I could not install it. And tech support was no help. So much for "plug and play."Impossible to use while running..  You'll have your fingers on it forever trying for it to read your pulse...  probably would work for a less strenious activity.Like someone else said I wish I had come here first.  My CD player broke after about six months -- won't read ANYTHING. This looks like a recurring problem and I will NOT by JVC again.Trunc, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but Does Not Work, Does Not Work, looks nice, but DoesProduct is pretty good, but a good product alone could never gain 5 stars without good documentations and fool-proof quick start guide. Fact is the document that comes with the product is worst than none. Anyway, I set it up after quite some hack work. My old HP deskjet 970Cxi works great via the LPT port, but I could never get my HP LaserJet 1000 printing on the USB port of the print server. So if you have an HP laser USB type, beware! Is there anybody who knows how to make HP LaserJet USB printer work with this print server? Please kindly give us some advise here!Replacement cartridges perform well but are quite short lived and are consumed quite rapidly, even though we make relatively few color copies.  The black and yellow cartridges were consumed most quickly.  Why yellow would be used so quickly when the vast majority of copies are black, is a mystery for me!I have bought these three times now and have never ended up with a coaster, very good productThis product works good . But i recently found that it wont work with USB-Ps2 convertor which i had bought for my wireless keyboard and mice.After one successful printing it didn't work at all. My printer is HP deskjet 712C. This cable seemed to be recognized correctly at first but kept from being connected.The various time functions are well thought-out...Too, the large and well lit display is fine. Radio reception i poor, worse than previous, much less costly clock radios I've had.I like the idea of having good protection from the viruses and ad-ware. However, the downside is having slower processing speed and having blocked links on some web pages.Needs no drivers (on XP). Needs no additional sync software. Connects directly to USB, and gets recognized as a regular USB drive. Just copy/paste songs using Explorer. Works great.I recently got this program and it was great.  My phone was supported which is always good!! If you don't know whether your phone is supported copy and paste this URL:  http://xingtone.com/support/phones.phpPRODUCT ARRIVED WRAPPED AS NEW...HOWEVER, WHEN PLAYED, THE DISC HAS A FLAW...NOT A BIG ONE, BUT IRRITATING FOR A BIT.I have yet to receive this product. Have emailed the vendor for delivery date and have not heard anything back.This product saved my computer. All the previous bad reviews must have had problems with their computers prior to installing.Gave this to my daughter for Christmas.  It stopped working last week. Called customer service.  They wanted me to pay $6 for shipping to have it fixed (it is still under warranty) and it would take 2-4 weeks to fix. I guess you get what you pay for.  We got nothing.  Won't buy anything that is Coby brand ever again.Transmitter working good. Vista - no problem. But sound(music) is not very clear. It is good for PC game's sounds.This is my third card reader and they have all worked fine. It's cheap which is why I bought it.My first unit came defective becoming "pixelated" within seconds of powering up. However, the exchange with Amazon went smoothly and the replacement just works well. Decent DVD playback performance too etc. No complaints... beautiful product.We had this relatively inexpensive TV for about 5 weeks when the DVD player ceased to function properly. It is still under warranty so we're going to send it in, but we are paying for shipping to Arkansas which is not going to be cheap. Hopefully this will be the end of our support issues. Aside from that the picture has been good. I guess you get what you pay for.After reading the reviews, I figured these were just what I was looking for.  However, the pair I received has really poor sound quality. There was a significant amount of distortion.Product was just what I was looking for and at the right price.  Could not have been happier with my purchase.  I will look for this vendor again in the future.Only gave directions for using with ipod.  No help online when it didn't work with powerpoint.  No help from the company itself.  Sent it back and ordered from a different company.We have business that provides payment choices for merchants.  We were trying to print labels from the large sheets when we just needed a few.  We ended up with wasted labels and jams in the printer. Bought this Dymo label printer and wish I had bought the Dual printer to have the address labels and postage labels loaded at the same time!Bought this based on reviews, looking for something to play both CDs and my ipod, sound w/ ipod is pretty good, but radio stations sound tinny, and cds not much better.It does well what we bought it for, that is, plays MP3 files from CD-ROM/R/RW. However, a CD should be burned at the lowest available burning speed to play properly (this, of course, increases the burning time). I had bad experience with some CD burned at the speed automatically chosen by the burning program: they would skip randomly, some files would not play at all. The same was true about an audio CD-R.It seems Panasonic has become like other Corporations in that the customer is treated like the enemy.  Panasonic.com doesn't return any emails or calls and even customer service has ignored all of my emails.  I sure hope the recorder doesn't break because there is no way I'd expect any help from Panasonic.It seems Panasonic has become like other Corporations in that the customer is treated like the enemy.  Panasonic.com doesn't return any emails or calls and even customer service has ignored all of my emails.  I sure hope the recorder doesn't break because there is no way I'd expect any help from Panasonic.drains batteries like no tomorrow. Doesnt even last the night. Used it once and never bothered again had to buy another fan.THEY ARE GOOD AT 900MAH BUT   A 1000MAH BATTERY IS BETTERIT'S A GOOD PRODUCT, SOMETIMES IS HARD TO USE THE PROGRAM.for the money, I got a good quality product. My purchase experience was good, and product was received in a timely manner.Works great.  Handles 3 wireless connections + 2 lan pretty well.Warning to people who want to use this device for cassettes: It ate the very first one I tried to play. Other problems: Poor radio reception and uneven volume when playing audio CDs.Product works well.  It's what the cable company was leasing to me.  I bought one in order to cancel the lease fees.Purchased as a gift -worked for a day - changed battery but still not working.  Not sure if it is just a bad unit but will exchange and report about the replaced unit.This unit worked fine with my old gateway pc, however, my new dell pc was not compatible with one button back up software. have to do it manually. Pray to God that you never have to call Seagate for Tech. Support. I was on hold for over an hour. They did not fix the bugs. They emailed me a bogus link for a different version software. I gave up. Will continue to manually back up my files.For the money it is a good MP3 player, WHEN IT WORKS!!  The problem is reliability.  Mine quit working after a couple months.  Called MacVision Customer service (now Nextar) and got an answering machine.  Left msg, no reply.  I went online to macvision.com and got information to send the unit back for repair/replacement.  This is a good example of getting what you pay for.BE WARE.   This product was designed specifically for use with TINY mp3 players like the ipod shuffle (which is, in my opinion, another ridiculous product) and is not much use for anything else.  The cord is hardly a foot long.  I had to return it immediately.Have been using NAV for quite a few years, with reasonable performance (not great, but ok).  Recently updated to NAV2006, and voila, constant system freezes, constant BSOD's, sometimes cannot even reboot the machine.  Ran the web-based Symantec uninstaller, and system is completely rock-solid stable again.  Needless to say, I am no longer a NAV user.This thing is a joke. It doesn't play loud enough except for low volume listening. There is no handle to make moving it easy. Cheap, flimsy construction and a door that you know is going to break soon, no battery back-up for the memory. I would rather pay more and get something better. I am going to return it.The Teac is everything I hoped it would be.  No complaints -- suits my basic needs just fine.Does what it is supposed to do, but paying $38 for a piece of plastic that probably costs 50 cents to produce is crazy.it's simple and works well. I only had it for a few weeks but I have this good feeling that it won't ever break!does its work. Zipper is not very good and am not sure how long this will last. No complaints for the price I paid!I had purchased this item from Ebay.  It worked fine until one day out of the blue the CD would not work.   We could not get it to work no matter what we did.  Awhile after that the light burned out and could not be fixed.  We threw it away. It has since been replaced also from Ebay the same except it did not have the CD player.  This one is okay except sometimes the stations do not play right.  You get a lot of static.  When this one goes, never have another GE Under Counter Clock Radio.It's got a lot going for it, but no one has seen pictures from a production model yet. See full preview here - http://www.users.bigpond.net.au/sbryan/reviews/E300preview.htmIt's got a lot going for it, but no one has seen pictures from a production model yet. See full preview here - http://www.users.bigpond.net.au/sbryan/reviews/E300preview.htmwhen i first plugged the cable to the pc - so it will be recognized-, it worked well... but after restart i don't know what happened but windows xp couldn't recognized it at all... think is a cable failure because i tried in 2 computers and the same problem happenedThough the batteries are good, you'll say "EEK!" when you see the exorbitant shipping charges from products sold by "eek Technologies". Beware!Just bought this printer from walmart. Will be returning it due to horrible paper jams constantly. I print dvd labels - a lot of them. I've been getting about one out of 5 printing correctly on a good batch. I use standard memorex dvd label paper. Absolutely. Unacceptable.This DVD/VCR combo is total junk.  After trying for several weeks to get the VCR portion to get a picture, we have given up.  Seems there is no way for it to work.  We will be returning this unit today!  The DVD portion is just ok.  Our Panasonic DVD worked much better- forget the VCR part- we're going to use our old one.Wouldn't work on W2K when installed.  Completed updates and system scan, but couldn't shut down without killing NIS via Task Manager.  AV component blocked my Outlook mail box access.  Crashed as well...NIS pop-up was partially transparent, showing underlying desktop icons.  Couldn't access functionality.  Rebooted several times but couldn't tell if AV was running.  Really bad QA on this product.  Looking for simple AV software now and will add a Zone Alarm firewall.  Recommend that you buy something else or wait until Norton spends time fixing their product...There is no excuse for this level of quality control.Bose? QuietComfort? 2 Acoustic Noise Cancelling? Headphones  No high Hz whatever, no way to use without the noise canceling off. They are very uncomfortable with eye glasses. used them for three days and sent the things back.really hard to set up and the company is no help at all!really hard to set up and the company is no help at all!I had no problems.  It works just like it stated on the package.I've used Verbatum products for a while now and have never had a problem.  These disks are no different.  Solid for storing Data or DVD Playback.Works great. I've used Symantec products for years with no problems. I have two pc's and wouldn't even think of using a pc without this software.I still have not been able to get this product to work and have been unable to reach a live person for help after a month.Another very nice product product from Panasonic. No complaints after 2 months use.Have had it for 3 months now. Use it everyday with no problems.Great tv, but what kind of remote doen't have a "last channel" button?Another very nice product product from Panasonic. No complaints after 2 months use.i like it lights up when a call comes in, for the price you cant go wrong. only negative would be reviewing calls that you missedIt serves my needs and is a quality product like the previous editions.Within 10 days of buying this product, the Lid of the CD player does not close and lock properly. Poor mechanism. Need to get it replaced.Like so many other reviewers, my Camcorder failed with the "lens cap" error after just a few uses. JVC customer service refused to issue an RMA, and instead has referred me to a service center where parts, but not labor, are covered. This will be the last JVC product I ever buy!Not a Nokia Cable - Generic Brand !!! Diddnt work on my computer!I should have read the previous review before ordering, because this product did not work at all.  The on/off button did not work/click.  The light produced a very faint light, less than a cell phone emits.  Don't buy this product; there are better flashlights out there.I always wanted to purchase the Bose QC2 headphones but the price always deterred me.  The Panasonic headphones perform just as well as the higher priced Bose.  Good buy for anyone looking for quality noise canceling headphones for less thand $200.I have used a version of this product for several years.  Unfortunately it is not compatible with Microsoft Vista, so I have been forced to try other products.Worked right out of the box with my HP LaserJet MP.  All I had to tell Windows XP was that my printer was connected through a USB port.I ordered these AAA batteries for use with my new SONY Battery Charger. These batteries last for a long time. I'm using them in my universal remote control.Is exactly what this should be called. I kept having pop-ups saying I had a virus, buy Norton (I did it just to stop the pop-ups) guess what; even after my purchase for 12 months, I still received the pop-ups saying I needed to re-order, this was a whole month later! Be warned these are not normal pop-ups either, they block your whole screen and won't let you do anything until you push re-order. Please save your self the pain. In case your your wondering; the "24 hour support"....HUH I ended up (per their $30-something advice) getting my computer cleaned; nice.... all in all, this Norton Virus ended up costing me $350.00.Hi all. We already have "Adobe Photoshop Album 2.0" Is the upgrade for the CS2 available from this existing product? (Quoted at the $149.00 rate?) Kind Regards, MichelleI'm assured by Lexar that the flash drive works fine as a flash drive, but was not made to work with my 64 bit laptops, just 32 bit.I'm assured by Lexar that the flash drive works fine as a flash drive, but was not made to work with my 64 bit laptops, just 32 bit.Worked great for a month. Manufacturer replaced 1 month later. Ebay was no help at all.Dymo Labelwriter 400 is not combatable with Vista. No upgrade patch or driver.For far the disk is working well with my nokia cell phone.  I just need to check why my phone has been resetting itself since I installed it.I've been using Verbatim for many years. On both DVD and CD, I've bought more than 20 spindles, but I rarely have problem with burning. I will keep using it!!there is no Vista Support i repeat, DO NOT BUY IF YOU HAVE VISTA! there is no vista drivers available, nor will there be any released. i have yet to try this on an XP computer, form what im reading, it works well.plastic casing looks so cheap, earphones looks generic, compared to ipods , quality is incomparable. sonic stage software, is hard to manage, worked fine with windows XP pro, but when updated the ver 3.0 that originally came with the player to ver 4.2 fialed to work had to go back to ver 3.0 and ver 3.0 doesn't  work on windows XP mediacenter. Sound is decent enough but max volume is not loud enough.not the bose unit quality but great for the money.  perfect for normal volume use...using it for running biking hiking, full files the purpose where it was purchased forExcellent product and service! Product is just as expected and was sent with no problems.Not much to say. It has worked fine since I bought it with no problems.nice player. It even does a random play which is nice. Also has a nice set of ear buds. buy it if 8 or so hours of music is enough.i have had this stereo for several months now and i have had no problems.Works well for what it is.  you get a spotlight in the very bright, LED-way.This one works OK until now, however there is some background noise for MP3 songs.Works well for what it is.  you get a spotlight in the very bright, LED-way.Product arrived on time and have had absolutely no problems with it what so ever.helped me manage my small business, however, they just came out with a new versionWorks well for what it is.  you get a spotlight in the very bright, LED-way.This one works OK until now, however there is some background noise for MP3 songs.This product could be worse, but could also be better.  If you want something fairly cheap and works decently, this isn't a bad choice.  I works fine for my needs.Works well for what it is.  you get a spotlight in the very bright, LED-way.The retail price is totally wrong. I could get it for cheaper from another vendor.THe FM modulator works fine.  The cigarette lighter splitter stop working after the first week.Got the card and it's worked just fine.  I've used it for about 6 months.Well I just recieved my $4.99 oiece of junk, and BOY... i never knew speakers could sound so bad! What I was sent was a cheap knockoff- not the right brand, had no AC cable, was flimsy, etc etc.... need I say more? Perhaps the product carried by reputable vendors would be different, but avoid this one like the plague.We liked the picture quality while it lasted-Broken after 1 year-4 days  of moderate use. Hyundai warranty is only for 1 year from purchase date. Bought this online and the warranty started when I paid for it, not when we received and started using it (was used less than a year). Warranty was denied. We have rarely had cause to write a review of anything but felt this was necessary to prevent others from buying a bad product. We are going next to buy a major brand LCD TV with a better history, customer service and a local service center!That's what you'll need to do if you run this program. I couldn't connect to the update website. It hijacked my E-mail changing it to MSN from earthlink, and wiped out necessary windows files. Undoing the deletions did no good and every subsequent boot locked on a "program not responding". The final straw was when my e-mail got stuck in an "error report" loop. Un-installing did no good, hence the re-format. Apparently, others have had better luck. You pays your money and you take your chances.Good quality product that costs TOO much. It also is a pain when it stops EVERY print for two to four weeks to tell me one of the five inks is running low. When the ink levels are varied, it feels like almost every print is interupted.This printer works well except for one major problem - Brother ink does not adhere to the paper.  I use good quality stationery in my business and found that the ink smudged and rubbed off, particularly on envelopes.  The problem is not too bad with regular white copy paper, but if you plan to use good stationery, don't buy a Brother printer!PROS: Ears feel right. Wires seem to be strong. Noises canceled without adding fizzing sound. I like 'em. CONS: Can not handle high volume.I have also experienced the lock-up problems reported by other reviewers. Indeed, avoiding certain channels reduces the amount of lock-up that occurs, however, it still does happen. When locked-up, neither the remote control nor the buttons on the front panel will do anything...one must unplug the unit to "re-boot". A hard-wired reset button would be helpful. I have observed the same problem on 2 of these units, which are just great except for the lock-up problem! Amazon very quickly exchanged the first unit...VERY good service! I am keeping the second unit because the picture quality and operation is excellent, and I have wired in a remote power switch for occasional "re-boot".Never sent in a box that product was supposed to come in -sent loose with only plastic covering and no paperwork-therefore I do not know how to set up or use product!I have had this a couple weeks now and have had no problems, at this point. Its sound quality is quite good and usage is pretty stright forward. I read many of the bad reviews and I assume I must have gotten a good one. Crossing my fingers !Sony makes good products.  The biggest problem with this product is that it is offered by Crutchfield.  I used to buy all of my electronics from Crutchfield.  They used to be a good company.  However, they have lost their focus on customer service as they struggle to reduce costs.I have been using Norton products since DOS 3.2, this is by far, the worst. I was upgrading from 2005 version.  New version did NOT pick up any spam rules from old version, new spam rules are ignored, when you try to configure, program routinely hangs. Looking to find another suite.I was looking for an slide scanner and I feel I found what I was looking for.It appeared to be new and looks like I am going to get the rebate back.  ErvThis person charge for every single item.  when you purchase 2 items the shiping will be ridiculous.Good product.  I'm disappointed it did not come with the real-time traffic component but otherwise I'm pleased.Over all not a bad MP3 player. Unit was purchase for a ten year old who enjoys it. Low cost and functions had me sold, sound quality is not bad. Need to replace headphones.This product is very stable. I plugged it and it worked like expected. No bugs. No problems.Decent sound for a clock radio. Overpriced for what it is. Clock could be easier to work.The price was perfect and we have not been lost since we have been using the product.Cute phone, great concept with the radio and alarms, but this phone has no speaker phone option.Bought this old version to upgrade to 2007 version, worked fine and only cost 20% of current version. Software works ok...buy and update the sw-->then dload the update which is really 2007-->good to goThe user interface needs getting used to, but otherwise it gets you to where you are going.The antenna worked reasonably well but it did not perform as good as I hoped it would.The sound was good but the headset design was poor. Product broke after 2 days of wearing.It works just fine but after the fact I've seen it for considerably less on other sites.As with other's reviews, the DVD player quit working after 12 months (just out of warranty).  MAGNAVOX has declined servicing or exchanging after warranty expiration eventhough I was expecting to pay for repair/exchange.  They have basically abandoned a poor product.  Looks like I'll be the one abandoning them in the future.The first fan received did not work. A coll to Amazon got a replacement immediately, postage paid both ways. The new fan was all that I expected.So far we have replaced the signal board 3 times too no avail.  Picture gets continuously worse with every repair.  Luckily I purchased with my Amex card and Amex credited the full amount back to my card until I am satisfied with the service.  Don't buy Philips, horrible customer service.  Will update later with results.Used for one month!!! Some, hard to recognize the NAME of STREET, but never problem to find a way!It's a reliable mp3 player, not expensive, for those who are looking for a cheap way to listen musicJust what I wanted.  Works great with Rhapsody subscription.  The first battery seemed to go for about 15 hours.Received product on time and it worked as intended for old VHS cassette tapes we've had for many years.Sound quality not good had too replace filters fast. Noise canceltion is really good volume of sound not greatThis product does not come with a driver for Windows Vista, and it does not work with Windows Vista.  The company does not offer a Vista driver on its website either.  Don't buy it if you use Vista!The item we got was nice at first, But it broke in just a few weeks, it really is a bummer when you think your getting a good deal, and then a few weeks later the thing breaks!!!I have purchased two of these and both have ripped beyond usability.  Sony will not replace after 90 days.All you get is static! I've heard the Sony product is much better so this thing is being returned!We have had this player for only one month but we have had no problems.  It has worked as designed and is easy to load and change songs using Windows Media player.  Soud quality is good and size, although not the smallest player, is very reasonable.  We would buy this again if we needed another MP3 playerLoved these for two months up until they stopped working.  The quality is good but the workmanship is poor.These things worked awesome for like 3 months and now the freaking receiver is not responding to the headset!Not bad! The charger prongs needed to be bent to ensure they charge properly. Other than that they're great!Do not buy this product.  I've been attempting to contact tech support regarding DVD Builder for the last week without success.  DVD Builder is one of the applications in EMC 7.5 and it is totally useless.  There are postings that go back to 2003.  One would think Roxio would have fix the bugs by now.It was nice...but the suction cup ended up peeling apart and it became useless.  Probably worked right for about 6 months.It was nice...but the suction cup ended up peeling apart and it became useless.  Probably worked right for about 6 months.Can't stand Windows Vista and was happy to find refurbished computer with XP on it. I'll not use Vista until it is absolutely necessary and with others to choose from that may be never. This refurbished works just like new and is a good buy.My experience is based on the use of nis 2006...norton anti-virus 2006/2005,norton 2006 firewall...this year i have 3 machines limping along.crashes,error messages,damaged programs,and costly repairs.Basiclly my machines were left unprotected,from viruses,and malware.how can this be?...I did a review of norton internet security,and no one took it seriously.now complants about  norton are coming in 7 out of 10 negitive.why didnt anyone heed my warnings? i know what do i know?...Could their whole 2006 releases have bugs? ...If i forget all the negitive stuff and contact symantec,do you think they would really offer to help me,without having to pay....?!!?I wish i had an answer.i have used norton products since 2001.I  dont know what the answer is...Avoid 2006 version...If your older versions are working well,.."just renew your subscriptions for now"...Dont Upgrade for now please...Great hub IF you need both USB and Firewire all the time. The hub will not power on or work unless you connect both the USB and Firewire cables to your computer. Therefore you cannot just use usb, or firewire.This blocks spam, viruses, and pop-ups.  Sometimes almost too much but there are ways to control what you want to allow and what you want to block.  I have had Norton Security before and have always been pleased with it.The sound was fine on this device but I gave it one star because it would not sit up properly and would lean backwards until it was completely flat. I ended up returning it to Amazon and not purchasing another.I don't know what the deal is, but this thing has been slowly dying for us. First the power off button stopped working. Now the Record Light on the front will not stop blinking and no matter what I do (including unplugging it) it blinks, no commands work, and weird numbers are displayed across the screen. Just poorly made I guess.Not as good at removing dust particles as a HEPA filter with a paper element. Would not buy this product again.I own this fine product...its really good but not fully stable...it lacks on start up speed sometimes. Overall good.but not best.I have had this MP3 player for about 4 months. I need to replace the USB transfer cable. I cannot find a source for this cable....The MP3 player is useless without the cable. How could SanDisk sell this item with replacement parts?I worried this cable wouldn't be as good as the Belkin, but it works just fine. I had no installation problems.Even you are lucky and get some good batteries, they will die one after another when you are not using them.Good product, good service.  i didn't realize this was re-manufactured but maybe i just didn't fully read the ad.  It's good...I believe a good point to include in the product specs would be that it is NOT compatible with Mac products.Bought this TV and had problems right from the beginning to the point that is was unviewable.  Westinghouse then replaced it with a refurbished TV (unbeknown to me since I was told they were replacing with a new unit) that arrived with problems.  The refurbished unit also was of lesser quality even when new.  The customer support people are nice enough however they do nothing for you.  I will never buy another Westinghouse anything after this ordeal.Bought two of these for my kids.  Initial quality was fine until the warranty expired.  Both units started failing.  Units would boot up and play a song or two then make a static sound and reboot itself.  iRiver support was non-exitant because the units were no longer under warranty.  They would not offer any help except a reference to an expensive 3rd party repair service.     Firmware reloads and formats using the iRiver firmware code did not fix the problems.  Battery case cover is fragile.  You'll end up needing to tape it closed.Not a bad product, the only problem I am having is that the automatic updates do not work. Have to manually download updates from the website. I suppose I am getting  better protection if i am using a Pro version, but not really sure. Spyware never seems to update when i click on the "update spyware" link, alwasy reads "not responding". If I could go back in time, I would have stayed with the free version. I wouldn't recommend it nor would I buy it again.When we revceived the laptop, it did not even boot up! We called up Acer support to find out if we missed something, we were suggested to get it replaced as it was brand new! We just returned it. Good thing was we got our refund without any hassle from amazon/TigerDirect. (I have been using Dell laptop for few years, with no issues!). May be it happens once in a blue moon... but I would suggest to do a good sanity test before buying Acer notebook.The product was difficult to work with and weeks from Christmas, my mom is still trying to get it to work. Some signal is picked up, but not enough to make this product worthwhile. Because the product is not from Amazon, you cannot return it, which makes for a frustrated customer when he/she finds that the product is shotty to say the least.Not a bad laptop but certainly develops issues that need corrections but the problem is that their customer service is terrible. My cd drive and power connection developed problems within my 1 year warranty. Problems happen but to get corrected you need to send your laptop to them at your cost, wait for them to fix within 2 weeks, then they resend back to you via ground mail. So you could be without your laptop for 2-3 weeks. I am just going to pay a local computer shop to fix instead of the ridiculous support process. Before making purchase you should know that: 1. your laptop will probably have problems that will need fixing 2. you are responsible for shipping them the computer 3. customer service will take 2-3 weeks to return your laptop Not a bad laptop but I might have reconsidered buying an Averatec product if I knew this beforehand.BEWARE this cable is not a universal fit.  All through the product description this appears to be a universal printer cable, no mention of potential incompatibility.  But when received and opened, the parallel connector is not compatible with my HP LaserJet 1100A.  Wasted money.ACDSee gets a lot of user-interface ideas right, but they have a long and very serious problem with quality control.  I've used every version of this software since 4.0, and the bugs just drive me crazy.  It crashes, it writes messed up jpg files, its resizin filters have off-by-pixel mistakes that shift images.  And it just never gets better in this regard.  Hire a new programmer, guys!Nothing but troubles with McAfee....don't do it! Came "free" with new computer. Screwed up my whole system. Went back to Norton Anti-virus and am 100% satisfied. All my problems went away when uninstalling McAfee.My company has been using QuickBooks for at least 5 years and up until the 2006 release has only really had problems when we upgraded for about a day getting the file converted. We loved QB and it has worked well for us. Until 2006. This software has been one bug, glitch, or problem after another. Many of the customer/vendor search options are gone. But mostly there are so many bugs. Every time we sign in we are always told we have paychecks to send, EVERY TIME-even when we don't which is 90% of the time. Our friendly reminders (i.e. Don't forget your W-2s) never go away, even when we say it is done. We can not create an accountants copy from our computers anymore- now it is only from the server. There have been more problems but these are just what I have been dealing with this week. Qb is a great program but 2006 sucks!!!Nice design, works well, but too bad the answering machine doesn't give you the full date of the call. But we're satisfied customers!I was hoping for a better product. They dont stay charged for more than a couple weeks  the duracell batteries are  much betterWorks pretty good ,but inks run out quickly. I still would only buy epson, its worked longer than any other printer I've had.the phone is a good quality, but the logic behind the controls and menu scrolls (previous callers and addresses) is a bit awkwardThis product is considered by me to be a very high quality product for use in the printer for both letters and photos.And expensive, but you get what you pay for, and look closely at the specs of those cheaper big screens before you buy.Its been 3 months since I have bought the Sandisk and playing well. But I noticed  that some songs that have been copied from directly from CDs using Rhapsody do not play very. Has some disturbance. But other than its good.. plays well and good for rough useThe Go Video VR3840 worked fine for a few months but now it plays some discs while not playing other discs (even ones that it played fine a couple of months ago).  It seems the engineers have constructed it just to work well until the warranty is up.If I had known how cumbersome it would be to load songs and how poorly written the instruction manual was, I would not have purchased this item, which is now fuctioning fairly well after too many hours of preparation.Why is the cable coming out of the bottom?  The port is on the right side, not the bottom.  Just stick with the included cable.I have been using Norton for years and this one is great also. I never have had a problem with Norton Just follow the directions.The hold switch fell off at first use. The buttons on top are not labeled, no arrows, squares, etc. At least it works, I guess.I liked the fact I could replace battery instead of waiting for charge. Music was not so good sounding so I used for audiobooks only.Got it today! Looks great! Plugged it in won't even light up! Now I have to pay the shipping back and wait!!!!!!!! What a bummer!!!!!!!!!!I have been using Norton for years.  I have never had a problem with it at all.  I am going to buy 2007 as well.  If you want the most reliable anti-virus software out there, buy this product.  Norton Cleanup works better than XP products, that is why it is replacing windows components when installed.  Win Doctor is great for a registry cleaner. Don't believe all the negative people, most just hop on the band wagon.  Norton system works has always been my favorite, and always will beWhy settle for less, when you can get a brand new original iPod nano 4GB for Free! I got mine from this web site:  http://snurl.com/ipodnano4One of my computers has a hard time maintaining a connection to this drive, resulting in constant beeping and pop-ups as it keeps thinking the device has been removed then added back.  No such problems with my other computer (both are running XP).  My smaller USB drives work fine on both computers.I bought this for my Nokia 6682 but the voltage is not compatible.  Since the voltage was not listed I had no way of knowing it was important.  Now I have to send this one back and find a dual voltage (1.8v-3.0v) RS-MMC.  The phone does not recognize the chip at all.Like many others here, my CD-changer died after a couple of weeks and it wouldn't read any CD. It's in for repair, but they say the changer part is on National back order and they don't know when they will be available. No surprise, I guess given the number that are breaking. The JVC parts web site says the changer is not available for "more than 3 weeks." I hope they will replace my unit with something that works.I was real pleased with the Tivo system. Had a few problems when I first set it up with error messages, but got assistance and fixed problem.I found this product fairly easy to use.  However, the remote is not compatible with my tv (JVC).  So, I will need to use 2 separate remotes.Have used panasonic cordless phones for over 15 years.  These hadsets are great.  I have been using them for 3 years now and have had no issues.I don't know a lot about web cams, but this camera has been reliable and also came with a free headset, which is pretty good for me.THIS IS SMALLER THAN REGULAR LAPTOP COMPUTERS AND DONT HAVE USB PORTS AND CARD READER EITHER, AS ADVERTISED. I RATED THIS 1 BECAUSE THERE IS NO 0You will be sorry if you purchase from these guys. They have an abysmal customer support record and a laughable sense of proper documentation. "Is my printer compatible?" "I don't know, you would have to call pre-sales" So I just keep checking with pre-sales until I find a printer that works? You're kidding, right?Product works well but the fan is too noisy to run in the background with a conversation or TV running.Does not work for the Mac!  Can you believe that, neither could I until I contacted Epson and received the reply that it is indeed not compatible.  Is it really that hard for dual platform use production.  Im guessing this was designed in the early 90's and usb technology was just coming out.  Mac users beware.If you're in the market for THE top of the line mp3 player, look no further than the Apple Ipod.  Get yours for FREE like I did right here: http://ipods.freepay.com/?r=26697861This product, despite claims, does not work with iPod Video version 5.5 with the latest firmware/software.  I went through two separate, brand-new units and neither worked. Don't buy it.I received it today. I feel it is comfortable with lots of functionalities, but the middle button is too hard, which will be frequently used in FireFox and Opera.These headphones are "nice."  Their sounds is somewhat lacking, but it feels good in my ears and are WAY better than the stock phones you get with the iphone.I have used and endorsed Norton products for years, but no more. If you have any other norton products on your computer you will first need to uninstall them before installin NIS 2006 because they are not compatible. If you do not; you may find your computer  unuseable. I have had numerous calls for help with failed installations and have had limited success repairing the damage done. Don't play Russian Roulette with your computer, there are better products out there for less money.Had problems with disconnects until I called tech support, waited an hour, and got help to change the level of security to one compatible with my laptop.  All seems fine now.Product was working great until about 3 weeks went by and it sould not work, was not detected by the computer and the light did not light up on the device.purchased from walmart terrible reception. Ordered from mach speed technologies fm transmitter with remote that works great no static like the roadmaster  unit. and it was cheaper with remote to boot.I HAD PROBLEMS WITH WIRELESS RECEPTION ON MY DESKTOP PC, BUT WITH THIS DLINK HIGH GAIN ANTENNA CONNECTED I NOW GET A BETTER, MORE STABLE SIGNAL WITH NO DROPOUTS. GREAT PRODUCT!!!I had the older version (Backup MyPC) which worked OK, but was slow.  Updated to the new version (free upgrade).  Worked for about 1 month, although was also very slow. Now it will not run a backup.  Every backup is greated with the error "Error in NSEngine Module and locks up at that point. There is NO support service.  Posted to the website 4 times with no response.  Called and was on hold for 1/2 hour.  The "on-hold" message says to leave a message by pressing *, which does not work. I am searching for a better solution to backing up, but this is not it.  One star is generous, because to get one star the program has to actually work. DO NOT BUY!It works for what I need,haven't had any issues, but if your looking for a "Hi-Def" picture you need a much better quality adapter.Remember you generally get what you pay for.Works great.  Wish I waited to order and get the rebate that is now offered.    No problems with the power supply. Has plenty of power cables for all kinds of hook-ups.The battery is worthless, and must be replaced at the factory when it fails...and it fails early.  Do not buy this product.  Stay away from M-Audio altogether.  There are better alternatives.I purchased the Xtremetv PVR600 USB 2.0 hoping that is would be the solution for my laptop television needs. Let me just say that the jury is still out on this. Why? Because Diamond Support has not responded to my numerous requests for the keycode necessary to use the Media Center Edition decoder. My attempts to work successfully with the crippleware versions of the software bundled with the unit have been less than stellar as well. Could it be operator error? Yes, but we'll never know for sure, because Diamond won't respond.I bought these cause they were cheap yet looked cool . . . and cheap they were. Sound was pretty bad, in-line volume control worked well enough. However they stopped working several weeks after I bought them. The Sony Fontopia series sounds much much better but my last pair lasted only 6 months before the wire covers wore out and the wires eventually frayed. I have given up on cheap ear buds and have just purchased the Shure E2c's . . . hopefully they will last longer . . .its really nice phone...i wanted a phone with everything ..I got it at 55 $ which has Answering machine,caller id,speaker phone ..I also got free  handset with it..Sound quality is good... no intereference with wireless devices.. I have my router just after the phone..Satisfied with it as expectedHave had this boombox for 5-6 months now.  Features are not bad for the price, however there are a few issues with this box. - A/C Power supply is huge. - Not very loud, max volume is not quite enough. - Poor docking design, have to fiddle with it most times to get the audio jack to connect properly.  Not sure this will last.Both MP3 and CDs capability reduces the need for separate players.  Only negative is battery consumption.See my review on version 5.  I own both versions and version 5 is much better than version 4 which I upgraded to version 5.  No more problems with printing with version 5.This CD player made a constant humming noise when plugged in.  The noise was loud enough that you could also hear it over the music being played.  I would not recommend this product.I have updated from Quicken Premier 2005. I am very please with the resoults, if I had known what was in this program I would have updated earlier. Quicken Premier H&B has many new ideas.Vista recognized the printer, but would not print.  Most reviews ( I read after buying this cable) say that HP printers won't work with this type cable.  I recommend installing a parallel printer card instead of trying this cable. Since writing the above review we discovered that some of the computer USB ports were not functioning.  This was subsequently fixed but I am unable to retest the cable.I had to an s-corp return and an LLC return.  It worked great for both.  No complaints.Software Horrible..Had to re-install Drives..and thank god for speaker phone was on hold forever. Its been a week and still problems with drives disappearing. Should have read reviews and stayed away from this "crap" software.This is not right at all, cancelling my order!!!!  We need to assemble and consider legal action!  All who agree, keep posting.  Eventually they will hear!  Maybe they will actually honor their errors for once!HP has the WORST customer service of any company of any kind that I have ever dealt with. I have never called without having spent at least one hour on the phone with them before the various extensions in India, none of whom are helpful. And once the service is complete the computer is usually returned with more problems than they were origionally sent with. I would never buy another HP again.HP has the WORST customer service of any company of any kind that I have ever dealt with. I have never called without having spent at least one hour on the phone with them before the various extensions in India, none of whom are helpful. And once the service is complete the computer is usually returned with more problems than they were origionally sent with. I would never buy another HP again.I had exactly the same experience as the previous reviewer. When connected to a USB port, the player wanted to format the SD card even though the card was formatted in FAT with mp3s on the card. When not connected to the USB port, the player displayed '01 err' even though the card was formatted in FAT with mp3s on the card.I had exactly the same experience as the previous reviewer. When connected to a USB port, the player wanted to format the SD card even though the card was formatted in FAT with mp3s on the card. When not connected to the USB port, the player displayed '01 err' even though the card was formatted in FAT with mp3s on the card.I recieved an unopen box from sony, but on use, the note book would turn hot within 30 mins of use, sometimes even lesser than that. I dont know if that is the case with the FJ series or just the piece I recieved. I think the fan wasnt working properly. Or whatever else the reason was the notebook would turn too hot for use.We find this product often has trouble reading CDs (both purchased and burned CD-Rs).  It'll stop playing for minutes at a time and you'll hear it spinning up and down as it tries to read. Pretty disappointing.Bought this product back in December because there was suppose to be a rebate.  I have never received a rebate!  Dishonest company.  If you are buying the product because of the rebate, dont count on getting it.I bought the refilled cartridges and found that not all of the cartridges are recognized by my machine. For example, I had to go out and buy a new Yellow because both the yellow cxartridges were useless.I've been using these phones with Vonage for a year, and they are the best cordless phones I've owned. The menu on the phone is well laid out, the reception good, and the buttons well laid out.It is good but the part to hold this is not good. It falls of from the windshld.Unit is well constructed, controls are fairly intuitive, backlighting/screen are also very good.  My unit was working great and then would only power up very briefly and then would go out.  The unit acted like it had dead batteries put in it even when it had brand new alkaline.  Unit is about 28 days old.  I will get to see how good the Amazon.com replacement policy is!  This was the first thing that I ever purchased from Amazon.com.DO YOUR HOMEWORK BEFORE BUYING FROM THIS COMPANY. The products are poor, the repairs are poorer and the customer service is non existant. They will not refund anything, even if your product dies twice in the first 9 weeks.I have an older PC and I wanted USB 2.0 for quicker access to 1 TB EXTERNAL HARDDRIVE. The card works with other peripheral (such as Webcam, etc), but locks up and/or causes read errors with HD, which frankly stinks, since that was my primary reason for the purchase. FYI: I also had to do a Windows Update to hotfix WIN2K OS for USB 2.0. If you are not a bit technically savvy, stay away folks.This product is HORRID!   I loaded it, and my internet connection was shut off by it, and none of the 'trditional' way of getting it started worked.  I called Panda, Microsoft (who couldnt help, as it was 3rd party software that caused my problems), Panda again, and nothing from anyone.  Horrible customer service, Horrible product. Buyer Beware!! You are hereby warned! DO NOT BUY THIS AWFUL PROGRAM!!! Norton is the way to go...FOR SURE!!!u can buy the game eq with 10 expansions for 17.00 right now on ebay this guy has to get realThis is a nice case. I store all my movies in these. Don't buy the refill pages, they're way more expensive per page. It's cheaper to buy a whole new case than the same number of loose pages without a case.Occassionally crashes for no apparent reason.  After every backup completes, a dialog reading "...completed with errors..." appears, but no details show up and no error messages appear in the log.  It's impossible to find out what the problem is.  Very poor.Great product, fast and clean copies. Don't know why I waited so long to get it. Very helpful customer service for setting up. Probably could have  set-up without help if I had had  USB 2 cable. Customer service detected the problem right away.It is great product. But just few days ago it froze once. It was not powering up. After a lot of trying I finally hit the reset button and then it powered up after I pressed on/off button. Hope this unit lasts long.I like McAfee but I have been unable to update my internet security suite with this version 8.  I have performed the recommended corrections from their trouble shooting site..but it has not worked.  I will just have to wait for the newer version.With my D200, I got about 10% corrupt files when the card was new. Now, after a few months, the card is unreadable at all. Repeated emails to Transcend have gone unanswered.I've been using V7 rather extensively in our small business.  I've now had occasions where one of the features in the CS/CS2 upgrade would have been useful but after reading about the problems and the lousy customer support from Adobe, I'll live without the upgrade.I returned this product to you on Dec. 14th by mail and I still have not received a credit on my credit cared.  Please let me know how the process is going and why I have not been credited my money to my credit card.I had to return this CD player. Only the radio worked faintly, but couldn't change stations or the volume. The CD tray was stuck in open mode and couldn't get it to close. Nothing worked.I have a registered copy of Adobe Creative Suite Premium.  While trying to upgrade Photoshop CS to Photoshop CS2 I get an error message that there is not a registered copy on my computer. I would like to know if anyone else is having this problem.I bought these cause I heard they hold a charge longer and I was not dissapointed.  I don't know if it was because they are new or they use a different charger or they are just better batteries, but they sure last a long time between charges.I love Mastercook and have had 2 earlier versions, but when we had problems installing the new version on a new computer and transporting on files over, we were told they don't support Vista. We eventually got the files converted but would have appreciated support doing it.Sadly, the 'Band' button broke the first week.  So I can no longer get to the FM band.  I like listening to talk radio on the AM band, but the reception is not as good as the old Sony I had.  Have to go buy another radio somewhere now.You usually get what you pay for, but I wasn't willing to pay a lot for something we use so infrequently.  The reviews I had read indicated this was a quality unit and the price was right. It's the best phone and answering machine we've ever had.  Good stuff!The product didn't last even four months before it failed. I had an authorization to return to Sandisk for replacement. Their return center lost the defective unit and would not replace the unit. They don't honor their warranties. They are a terrible company and make a low quality product.I wear my iPod while running and the left earbud keeps falling out.  Would be nice to have something better than the earbuds provided.The product was received OPENED BOX!!!  They tried to conceal the fact it had been open by placing tape around the edges of package.  The product works smoothly but i do question why the package was opened in the first place.Forget using the antenna for air reception.....its almost useless.  Lots of video noise and no sound on weak channels (no fine tuning possible).  The only saving factor of this item is its cable connection....works fine.  But if you have cable connection available, why hook it up to this small screen player?We received a trial of Norton Antivirus for our computer, which I installed after getting our internet connection to work. Guess what connection didn't work after setting up Norton Antivirus? Maybe NA works, but their user interface is impossible. I'll stick with Avast and AVG for my *free* anti-virus protection, thanks.I purchased the DTV-323.  Within one day the remote no longer worked.  Working with customer service was a nightmare of unreturned phone calls and perpetual hold.  The mfr. admitted there were problems with the remotes but were still obstinate about sending out a replacement without receiving the defective model.  I finally gave up and just bought new ones.  Be careful because there are no universal remote alternatives. The picture quality for regular tv is so-so as well.quality is pretty cheap you have to be careful not to break a button but it does what it says FM radio, mp3, wma, voice recorder, different color screen and much more. But remember you get what you pay for. Everything works great but I dont know how long it will last  because its made from cheap plastic and is fragile but for know Im enjoing it.Ive had this for more than a year, and had no problems, expected it wouldnt turn on and i had to update the firmware which disabled fm recording, but now the new one lets u, i guess people complained. I got if for $130, but now its like 50, but it still works really good!!!!!This product was cheap....90 dollars for an ipod video but it came with 3 cracks in the screen, however in the product description there was nothing about the cracks! So this person is selling cheap stuff without being fully honest of quality. Buyer be where....Possibly contract seller and ask questions about item before purchasing it....BUT, that is about it!!  If you want to print ENVELOPES, FERGEDDIT!!  this thing DOES NOT have a paper thickness adjustment lever and simply will NOT FEED an envelope without jamming!! I only got it cause my CX5200 started having MAGenta (RED) printhead clogging problems for the SECOND time AFTER having been serviced by EPSON.  I loved the CX5200 cause it never flinched even when I forgot to flip the "heavy stock" lever before putting an envelope in to print. From what I have been reading on here, the entire 'CX' line has problems and does not meet the usual "EXCELLENCE" that I have come to expect from EPSON printers.Consider carefully if you really want the maintenance involved w/ this product.  We have a filter mold within two weeks of night-only use!  I contacted the manufacurer, who indicated that we should empty the water each morning. and fully dry out the filter every day!!!!  Also, we should boil the water or use distilled.  It is MANY gallons and this is completely infeasible!  To replace the filter every two weeks is cost-prohibitive.  The care and cost associated w/ this product make it an unreasonable option for those looking for a basic vaporizer for a child's room.  We never review products ... but wanted others to know!!!!I have totally given up on these batteries. After four batteries failing in less than a year I bit the bullet and bought the new lithium batteries (which required I buy a new charger). I now have two standard chargers, one multi-gang charger and four batteries which are worthless. I would not be surprised to see a class action come from these batteries.Has anybody else had problems with getting Norton rebates? The form asked for "a copy of a previous competitors product". What is a copy? I sent the actual CD for two different Norton products and got a notice that the copy was not present so no rebate. I then sent the front page of a competitors product and still no rebate.while it worked well for the first few weeks, it soon stopped recognizing all DVDs and now needs to be repaired.  It is very poorly designed with no thought to the user.  The remote controls are counter intuitive and require repeated consultation with the multiple owners manuals to try to perform simple operations.  Even though I have TV guide channel on my cable the unit is unable to recognize it or get information needed for programming.  Manual programming is cumbersome.  This is the worst purchase I've made in a long while.The storage units serve their purpose BUT for what we paid, the contruction isn't that good.  we had to be real careful when we moved them they bowed in th middle.  as long as they stay put they are ok and look nice.I thought I was going to get quality with the Philips brand. I was wrong. This CD player will randomly just pause a CD while it's playing. It will also randomly restart a CD from the beginning. This is especially aggravating(and dangerous), as I use this in my car, and have to mess with the unit while driving. I'll be buying a new Sony CD player soon.I'm not a computer geek. I'm looking for decent quality at a good price. I found it! I have had this printer for 18 months. I waited until now to evaluate it. I have had ZERO problems. It's a basic HP printer-works great-no paper jams, ever! Economical--I use it daily at least 50 times-toner lasts 6 months at a shot. Print quality is straight up=black and white-just what I need for the job.I have no idea if the thing works properly, but I thought I'd post the information I would have liked to have read before purchase: It's not compatible with the Harmony, Monster, or URC universal remote controls. Without that, it's of no use to me and represents 40 wasted dollars. If you have no such universal-remote need, then it might work for you.Have had my Sansa e260 for over 2 weeks now.  No problems so far.  Have read many complaints about the navigation wheel and location of the control buttons beside the wheel, but I find both to work just fine.  Only problem I have encountered is lack of a bookmark function for audio books, otherwise would have rated it 5 stars.Others have commented on the major weaknesses of this phone, but I'll add my own pet peeve: everything is so bl**dy SLOW! To scroll down through the phone book feels like click-pause-click-pause-click-pause.... Each handset defaults to private phone book use, so to switch to the shared phone book involves a couple of button-pushes, each of which takes ages to respond. And don't try getting ahead of it: your button pushes may or may not be recognized. What a piece of junk.Others have commented on the major weaknesses of this phone, but I'll add my own pet peeve: everything is so bl**dy SLOW! To scroll down through the phone book feels like click-pause-click-pause-click-pause.... Each handset defaults to private phone book use, so to switch to the shared phone book involves a couple of button-pushes, each of which takes ages to respond. And don't try getting ahead of it: your button pushes may or may not be recognized. What a piece of junk.Package looked 10 years old. Product appeared undamaged. Used for a couple days and the filter status indicator reads bad filters. As it did from the start. No reply from Holms on any compensation for new filters. A few weeks later the humidity display went bad.I, LIKE EVERYBODY ELSE THOUGHT WE WERE GETTING A GREAT DEAL - LG QUALITY AT A LOWER PRICE, HOWEVER WE SHOULD HAVE KNOWN BETTER!!!!! LAST NIGHT OUR TV OF 2YRS WENT POP!! OF COURSE THE WARRANTY HAS EXPIRED - TYPICAL!!! I WISH THAT $2000 WASN'T A BIG DEAL TO US BUT IT IS AND NOW WE'RE LEFT WITH NOTHING TO SHOW FOR IT AND WE'RE GONNA HAVE TO BUY A NEW TV!! DO NOT EVEN GO NEAR THIS BRAND - I WON'T EVER AGAIN!!!I replaced my stock lights with these when my stock bulbs failed. I wasn't looking for the "HID-like" or "white light" kinda of bulbs but when I saw these bulbs advertised as "HID-like", I thought "why not!". Anyway, long story short, there are NOT HID-like or white. They are quite yellow, something between "streetlight yellow" and HID. I have a friend who replaced his regular H7 halogen bulbs with the "Sylvania H7 Cool Blue Halogen 55W" (a cousin of this bulbs..) and those are definitely more HID-like/white light. Don't be fooled by the "cool blue", its not blue, its percieved as white. Bottomline: If you're looking for just brightness, go for these, if you want brightness AND the HID-like/whitelight look, then buy the "Sylvania H7 Cool Blue" ... I'm looking for them !The resume function does not work for audio books.  These are often 6-10 hours all on one track (secure WMA file from Netlibrary).  Without the resume function, playback always starts from the beginning.The resume function does not work for audio books.  These are often 6-10 hours all on one track (secure WMA file from Netlibrary).  Without the resume function, playback always starts from the beginning.This item was a repack that had been returned and never should have been sent. It was NG. Probably intermittent. Item was returned.Installation not as easy as expected.  Required phone call to tech support.  However, after installation, product works good with good range.  Have not had any problems.I bought this Panasonic DVD recorder  DMR-ES10 because Amazon customers said the picture quality was good. Not so! Compared to the TV image direct from cable the image quality from this recorder is flat and grayish. faces show yelowish instead of pinkish without highlights. The manual is written by people who understand the machine but do not have a clue how to write for first time buyers.if you lock playback to 0 -> Reset procedure: open dvd-tray. Press and hold record button. After you've pressed record, press and hold play button. Hold them both for about 5-7 seconds. After you let go, press eject and then open again. It should be ready for use.if you lock playback to 0 -> Reset procedure: open dvd-tray. Press and hold record button. After you've pressed record, press and hold play button. Hold them both for about 5-7 seconds. After you let go, press eject and then open again. It should be ready for use.THIS LIGHT ONLY LASTS 3 NIGHTS. APPROX. 8 HOURS PER NIGHT. 24 HOURS GRAND TOTAL. BETTER HAVE LOTS OF BATTERIES.THIS LIGHT ONLY LASTS 3 NIGHTS. APPROX. 8 HOURS PER NIGHT. 24 HOURS GRAND TOTAL. BETTER HAVE LOTS OF BATTERIES.We are buying to give as a gift.  We think this will be a big hit for the new mom.Why buy a cheap case for such an expensive piece of equipment?  This case has held up perfectly for 3 years now.Just bought this software and found out that it makes one create a user account with name, email address and password to update the firewall, this is reason enough not to buy mcafee, well something got mixed up with my email and password and tech support was an infuriating experience. I choose mcafee because it is cheap, now I will purchase the ZoneAlarm which is higher rating anyway.Nice that they had left a charge in the battery.you need to tell your customers that the plug for the phone will not go in while in the otter box casenot sure why everyone else bought this item for 850 and I paid 938.....I will contact Amazon for feedback since I've bought many products from them.thanksThe sound is really great, but there is one problem with this headphones they keep falling from my ears no matter what rubber caps (they come with 3 different sizes) I used. The design flaw makes them unusable for me.works as described but you need to be 5 feet from the base. might be good for a desk but that is about itBest price and what i need for my printer which is a bit of an ink hog but what else is new?System Machanic 6 Pro is easy to use and really helps speed things up.I would recomendthis program for every user.price was really low, but so was quality, compared to other brands i've bought.The phone never worked well, and today it just stopped working. You pick it up and there is only noise. No line, just noise. It was never a good phone and it has only being used a little over a year, it's useless now.The MP3 player itself is fine but it does not come with any instructions and the SanDisk website does not help either.The walkman is tiny and cool, and the sound from it is really high quality, just like playing in the general sony cd player.Needs more power and volume control for use with a laptop on a plane.LESS THAT ONE STAR RATING!!!!!!!!!!! THIS IS JUNK-Toys R US does not stand behind their products......DO NOT BUY!!!!!not sure why everyone else bought this item for 850 and I paid 938.....I will contact Amazon for feedback since I've bought many products from them.thanksWorks really well as a fast backup option and a good way of keeping a laptop hard drive cleaned up.This battery was definitely a good buy.  It last a long time....This works as expected with iPod mini but does not filter any noise. If it is plugged in and the iPod is playing it produces noise, most probably because of electrical noise coming from the car charger socket.Have two of these........freeze up and problems with both.  Sound is good when it works. I would not buy it if i had it to do over again.pretty good quality and a great price.  we have a lab and have had no problems.The light is weaker than I wanted. The batteries don't last as long as I wanted.The hinge sucks, but overall the case is pretty good. I'd buy it again.I had installation problems with this system.  Poor instructions, poor website, and poor service on the phone. I'm still waiting for a call back from their customer "service."Player is uncomfortable, hard to use & battery doesn't stay charged loang at all (2hrs max)need to get adapter.  does not come with one. :-/I have not experienced any problems with this product. It is just like purchasing an ink cartridge at Best Buy or something.This is the second one I've purchased.  I have had no problems with the first and expect the same for the second.This product description is wrong.  The cable is 5' in length (barely) not six.  If you needed a 6 ft. cable (like I did) this will not be long enough for you.Don't expect this to substitute for one you may already have. You will have to change the usb receiver as well.  I really wanted a battery, unable to find,  ordered another..expensive battery.Phones are small. Have clear sound with handset and handset speakerphone. A good buy.its really nice guide book a little crappy but if u know how to use mp3s and a computer you'll do just fine o yeah it's really smallPerfect--price, time to delivery, and product.  Why go anywhere else?  Nothing could've been better.  #1 place to go!!Don't expect this to substitute for one you may already have. You will have to change the usb receiver as well.  I really wanted a battery, unable to find,  ordered another..expensive battery.For a device with practically no moving parts, there is no excuse for it to freeze after a week of ownership, and barely an hour of use. If it would work, it could be just about my ideal mp3 setup. We'll see what happens if I am able to get it replaced...would have been a great buy, but one side of the audio connection is not working.Really pleased with this product.  Would have gotten one earlier if I had known about it.The case arrived promptly and seems of good quality.  I received what I ordered. Good product.Sony Disc player does not work. It won't recognize disc in player. Currently trying to get it serviced under warranty.Inexpensive and works well!  What more could you ask for?!I've only had this usb hub for a couple of weeks and I've had nothing but trouble with it. Two of the usb ports don't even work right. They won't recognize the usb devices. I'm constantly losing connection with my usb devices. In order for me to get my usb devices to work properly, I had to do away with this piece of junk.Sony Disc player does not work. It won't recognize disc in player. Currently trying to get it serviced under warranty.Technically all we expected.  While we realize we were buying a "new" 2006 GPS we were somewhat disappointed that the maps were not up to date.Worked well from first installation.  Little monitor is amazing.  Had to replace at end of year but bought another just like it.I have been using NSW 2006 for a year and it's never failed me. I've always used Symantec products and have always been satisfied.You can download this for free on microsoft's website, you're paying for just a box here.Bought as a replacement for an earlier model that functioned for nearly three years.  This one quit working well under one month.  Seller was of no help with refund, repair, or replacement.The ink is good. Obviously the cartridges are going to work. If only they lasted longer.These DVD's are really good... I have yet to have any problems...This is a good product, but it was shipped about a week late, and I was really disappointed.The power supply died in ten months. It was covered under warranty but this is a common problem I've come to find out. This shouldn't happen.price was really low, but so was quality, compared to other brands i've bought.We never have to pick up a map or go to mapquest. She just tells us what to do... where to turn etc. The best purchase ever...even for local travel.It does what it does well.  There are better values around for MUCH lower cost. Still looking for a good **Active** Noise Cancellation headset.Bought these for use with my Canon DC-40 camcorder.  Compatible and works fine without any issues.SEEM'S TO WORK VERY WELL COST WAS ACCEPTABLE NOT A RESOURCE HOGI think I couldn't have had a better purchase even if it was free. Thank you!Right out of the box the LCD screen was broken with vertical lines running across it preventing us from reading the screen.Returns Policy Excellent Product now 100% Replacement sent first class post at no cost to me I would definitely use this Company again David J MerrickNot much to say here, it worked as expected and I had no issues with quality.You won't go wrong with this unit.  Runs a long time on a single charge and has output.This product was broken. It didn't work. Energy didn't charged into ipod. It was so devastating, low reliability.This cover has been awesome!  It has contained every mess.  After almost 5 months, we're just having to order the next size up for my daughter.Purchased dual alarm/radio/phone after internet shopping. Received   alarm after about a week. Pleased with the purchase.Not much to say here, it worked as expected and I had no issues with quality.good.  comes with lock/password feature me thinks.  solidI've now had two different R15 receivers. The first one would ignore the remote, require nearly daily hard drive formats, finally wouldn't record.. along with freezing during watching television, Guide freezing, etc. My replacement, a second R15 now crashes daily requiring a soft reset. It also ignores the remote occasionally requiring another soft reset. I would avoid this product at all costs!The photo for this keyboard shows an intense blue.  Not even close.  Poor quality as well.I think is good, but I think creative labs product are definetly better choice...This keyboard is for Windows 98. None of the keys work. Technical support said that it had an electrical problem.The product was what I expected and the quality was very goodThis was a software package. The cd had been opened and it was Scratched. I receive it by mail so who know what happen.The need to keep putting in the CD for art is crazy.  The support is horrible.  Just move on past this one....I hate it when the review mechanism is used as advertising space by vendors.I've used this player nearly every day for the last 9 months and I've never had any problems with it (and I've dropped it a few times on the ground and it was fine).If I could rate the product, 11.0 upgrade, I would rate it zero stars.After I bought this item, it would never power up for me.  It was bad right out of the box!The headphones arrived late, they are not the real iPod headphones and they just broke after 3 weeks!I bought this phone, returned it, got another.  In both cases the same problem has occured which is whenever I use line 2 the '9' key jams.   Meaning it just stays pressed.  This never happens on any other key or when on line 1.We went through three of these before we finally gave up.  Our poor baby was crying and we didn't know cause it stopped working in the middle of the night.  I luckily am a light sleeper.  Also the static is bad especially if you have a cell phone any where near.  We bought a cheaper,  safety first brand and have not had any problems.Bought this as a keyboard lamp...very good light, I would recommend it for anyony who needs a light for their computer keyboard.I bought two so we would have the same user interface.  The user interface is reasonably friendly and the quality of the sound (handset and speaker phone)is good.The cable itself seems to work, but the specific printer I was trying to connect (an ancient HP Laserjet 4) just wouldn't work with it.  Windows would see the printer attached but never could print to it.  After checking, turns out that that particular printer has a problem with any of these cables.  It didn't work for me, but that was more from the printer, not this cable.1. It's nowhere near 6 feet long 2. It doesn't work with a Dell laptop and Lexmark printerI had expected this version to handle pdf files.  It does not - you must buy the pro version.  The OCR function does work well though.Cant complain about this nice little enclosure,... loaded an old hard drive, plugged it in,... XP saw it just fine.  Nice plain silver/black finish. Only problem was the plastic stand was broken but I wasnt going to use it anyway.cannot make receivers work on a regular basis for more than about 50 feet from the main unitBought these for two cordless phone handsets to replace the original batteries that lasted for a year. These would no longer take a charge after four months. I am currently shopping for another set.This drive is described as a U3, but it is not. Amazon is misleading us with their listing.I bought these headphones for my son. From what he says the sound was pretty good, and the inline volume control looked good, but within 3 weeks the left ear failed. Don`t bother with customer service, no one was even there. Might aswell flush $17 down the toilet.Well not sure how you rate this thing, but so far so good.  I got a killer deal on this product and would have never paid what they normally want, but that is just me.  It looks pretty nice next to all my other pieces and parts too.I am hoping a replacement unit will perform as I anticipate however this one wouldn't open after I had loaded it with many files.Outstanding piece of equipment. No problems or complaints. Anyone who has issues with this device is probably way too picky.We bought a new computer and didnt want to buy a new printer, so that is why we chose this product.  It works well, kind of hard to set up.  The cd that was with the product was not helpful whatsoever.  It took restarting the computer several times for it to recognize the printer, but since then, it works perfectly.I bought my cartridges here becuase it is cheaper then anywhere else I have found plus I get free shipping! And of course they work just fine and last a pretty long time too.This item does not work because I am using Creative software which  requires a pre amp or Gkriffin suport could not help me make it work.Cord is very short but good value. The plug won't retract but what do you exact for $7.Installation took several hours and was frustrating.  More clear instructions would have been helpful.  The Rebate Center site is not customer friendly.  Different terms are used interchangeably and instructions are not complete.  The site would not take the service number on my unit; my email to rebate customer service was never answered. Eventually I reached a customer service person by telephone (the general customer service number, not the rebate number, which gives you only tapes)who solved the problem manually. I'd suggest calling that number, which is in the booklet that comes with the unit, at the first sign of trouble.I have owned and used this player for 3 1/2 months and now need to buy another player because there is no connection when I insert the headphone jack.  Reading reviews before buying I came across a complaint about this, along with the suggestion to leave the headphone jack plugged in to reduce wear and tear.  I did just that, but still will need to replace an otherwise working unit.This version is painfully slow.  I have never complained about a software product's performance before buying this version.  Last year's version is fine; stick with it until Intuit addresses this problem.  The new version changes the file format thus you can't go back after the conversion.We've had this MFC for a year and no problems, still works well. We like the scan to PDF, fast print speed, and duplexing from electronic files or copying. Curled paper sometimes jams up the delivery bay on many-page documents. Maybe our high humidity?I just bought this mouse from a seller who claims Brand New...Within Sealed Original Retail Package...UPC Removed...Fast Shipping with Delivery Confirmation. When I got my package, the box has already been opened and got taped it back and no CD. I think it is a refurbished and not working right. I learned a lesson and want other buyers beware of these salespeople.I purchased a LabelWriter about a year ago and had nothing but problems with it. I exchanged the unit for a new one and surprise! surprise! have the same problems. Would not buy under any circumstances.I bought this yesterday and it works as expected. Good sound, and quality play. But I keep hearing a constant humming sound when the player reads the disc.You can hear it when u keep a low volume and listen...did any once else had this problem ??Not hi-fi sound, but I didn't pay hi-fi price, either.  Just fine for what I need.I bought this financial calculator for my finance class. I think it is ok.Firstly, and this should tell you right off it's no good, it's not made by Timex but by SDI Technologies. Apparently SDI has licensed the Timex brand. Secondly, it's NOT super loud. Thirdly, it's just a horrible layout. Don't think you're going to hit the right button when you're half asleep. Horrible clock period!I cannot believe how bad my experiences have been with Norton Antivirus, now 2006. The latest debacle is that something in Norton is preventing my print server and even direct printing to LPT1 from working, I have to shut off the virus "protection" in order to print a stupid document, even when bypassing the print server. There is no popup message telling me this is what has happened, but my suspicions have been growing about how bad this program is. It has always caused performance hits on my systems. AVOID NORTON. There are better AV programs out there.Using as a second vacuum cleaner.  Basically, I got what I paid for; only have carpeting in three bedrooms, so don't need great unit.Works as described for downloading various data cards. I've had mine for nearly and year with regular use. No problems at all.I bought this for an older computer.  There was no problem installing it and the card Works Well.I had the same problems as the first reviewer with my Jvc Hi-fi Vcr/DVD Combo.  The DVDs started freezing up on the machine after just a few months use.  I gave up and decided to buy a separate DVD player.  I am still using the VCR to play videos but the recording and receiving quality is so bad it is just good for playback.  Anything you attempt to record with the VCR is just second rate quality and using the time recording function is just to frustrating.  Why bother --- the video quality is just not worth the hassel.  I am current looking to replace the system with something better.Product-wise, the card has worked fine, but then memory cards generally either work or they don't.  Product was shipped in a timely manner, and the price was reasonable.I could not install this printer because of a false jammed paper signal.  Turns out the factory turns the jammed paper recovery off to increase printer speed.  What a stupid idea.  Accordingly, I could not recover from this false signal; had to return printer.  Also, searching on the web I discovered that many people had the same problem with other than the 1022 HP model.  In addition, was unable to get help from HP.  Also, software from printer did not play well with my XP system, had warning that printer software was not compatible with XP.This brand new Magellan eXplorist 210 does not work at all.  It was DOA and will not power up.  I tried new batteries, but that did not help.  I have taken it to a manufacturer for repair.  What a hassel.Hooked this unit up with separate audio and video cables as advised. Docked my Ipod and it plays fine.. My only gripe is my remote is dead. Thought the battery it came with was the culprit. Replaced it with a new Duracell. Forget it. Wrote a letter to CS. Probably won't hear from them for a week or so. Just like the other guy, another expensive Ipod charger.. Now what?These pens are really nice to write with.  They do not leak and the ink line is clean and tight.  Great product.My Lite-On drive meets the required specifications for using these discs, but none of the discs are recognized. I even flashed my drive with updated firmware, but it still will not read or burn these discs.Exceptional sound, easy to go from radio to cassette to CD. However, when recording from Cd to Casette you have to blast the sound for decent quality recording. Remote control is easy to use and extremely helpful while sitting at computer and CD player is not within reach. CANNOT BEAT THIS CD PLAYER FOR THE PRICE AND THE QUALITY IS REAL FINE.Seems to work fairly quietly (good), but tends to slow the startup process. Having used McAfee products in the past, I expect to be fairly satisfied with its performance at keeping viruses off of my computer.this card works perfectly with my new Nokia N80 device and has not had a single problem and i have had it for 2 months now.I bought the Zune later and it is so much better, the zune lasts for over 12 hrs!We have had our system with 8 phones and chargers located throughout the house and garages  four years now.  Only problem we have had is lately we have had to replace batteries in some of the phones.  After four years, not a bad deal.  We are very happy with ours.It's ok but comes with a bunch of crappy demos that can't be deleted unless you format the player using format function from windows. Should include a carrying case tooMight be a good product, but too hard to use for the regular Joe Home Owner.I really liked the first one I bought, but after 6mo it died. It would only work with a USB plugged into my car radio. Would not work w/ headphones. Wouldn't even play. Blue screen wouldn't even come on. I thought it was a fluke....bought another...same prob after 4mo. Spend more or buy a different product!Stay away, if you ever need customer service help, it's non existant.The GPS worked good,except the one time it locked up. A restart correct ed the problem.This antenna seems to work pretty well, but it is just way too big.  The dipoles were hitting the ceiling at my place.  I returned it.Whoever sold this had given an incomplete information regarding its background use. From the descrition of the product, it never mentioned that this software is a one user program and it requires a validation code to register. Since its been used by another company, we cannot register the program and get a validation code. AND THIS IS TRUE FOR ALL QUICKBOOKS SOFTWARE. Customers must be reminded about this. We are planning to return the product and will buy our own latest program. Thank youBox worked perfectly as expected. However, it would be nice to be able to upgrade firmware to the new HD like performance or via a trade-in program to allow old customers to upgrade to the new Sling boxes.The program was okay for my purposes except it is not possible to split catagories, so I purchased Quicken Deluxe 2005 to use with the check writing feature. Quicken did an update soon afterward. Checksoft was no longer compatible and I could not print the checks. My emails received no response. I am not about to purchase new versions of Checksoft every time Quicken updates. I have resorted to using Checksoft's program for printing a check and then registering again in Quicken. It is a hassle and a time-eater!!I hope the person reviewing above is joking because it is not a body hair removal wax, it is for automobiles. The high percentage of white carnuba which is what it is made with provides an intense luster to the car paint.We wash our diapers daily which is probably more effective at odor control than the little disc that rattles around every time we open the pail.  Although a foot pedal would probably have been a better mechanism for opening and closing the lid, the push button is effective and not too cumbersome.Killian, you received bad info.  The Panasonic EDTV accepts the HD signal.  I've had mine for about 4 months now with no problem.  I have Comcast digital cable with HD.hi there, the phone doro 212 do not buy because they lie about the compatibility of mac. than i bought ipevo and works nice but the driver is hard to find because ipevo.com is always having problem. the cable is not curly which makes it unconfortable and the driver does not launch with skype at the same time which means u should do it by yourself everytime. however the doro phone looks nice and smaller from the net but it is big enough but the good point is they have a carrying bag which means it is for laptops. ipevo is so small guys u ll be in shock.. if u use mac buy ipevo but do not forget in the future there will be other calling companies and u r not able to use this because it is skype phone..the sound quality is perfect..i had to send the product to logitech located in Phoenix, Az; for the headphone transmitter didn't want to charge.I was really upset, now how would i trust you amazonAll, Okay for the money, however my cap never stays on, which is probably not good long term. U3 software is okay, but nothing to write home about. / BrianThe iSkin for the Shuffle gives access to the USB port and Shuffle's controls but completely covers it with a dual layer system, protecting it from dust, scratches and some water splashes (don't try to swim with it though).... here's a good review of it -> <A href="http://www.ilounge.com/index.php/reviews/comments/iskin-shuffle-duo-for-ipod-shuffle-ipod/">http://www.ilounge.com/index.php/reviews/comments/iskin-shuffle-duo-for-ipod-shuffle-ipod/</a>This cover is almost neon green. It's REALLY bright... so consider this before you buy it, considering if you like or do not like bright colors.What good are head phones when they are cheap plastic. I've had these for 9 months and now they are in the trash. The left ear piece has completly broken off. They part that holds the speakers is made of plastic and is very cheap. For $300 I expect a lot more. The sound quality is good. I would not say the sound is great. I found the mid range to be muted and the bass was without definition. Again, for $300 I expect more. I'm disappointed with Bose and will never buy Bose headphones again and probably any Bose product will be off my list. Bose is a has been company living off it's passed rep and now ripping off customers with cheap plastic junk. Avoid these headphones!When I bought this light I was told it was "the brightest battery light you will ever find."  I put it in a small closet and it barely casts enough light to see what is on the shelf right next to it, much less the rest of the closet.  I would have been better off hanging a lightbulb on an extension cord.  Very poor product.When I bought this light I was told it was "the brightest battery light you will ever find."  I put it in a small closet and it barely casts enough light to see what is on the shelf right next to it, much less the rest of the closet.  I would have been better off hanging a lightbulb on an extension cord.  Very poor product.When I bought this light I was told it was "the brightest battery light you will ever find."  I put it in a small closet and it barely casts enough light to see what is on the shelf right next to it, much less the rest of the closet.  I would have been better off hanging a lightbulb on an extension cord.  Very poor product.When I bought this light I was told it was "the brightest battery light you will ever find."  I put it in a small closet and it barely casts enough light to see what is on the shelf right next to it, much less the rest of the closet.  I would have been better off hanging a lightbulb on an extension cord.  Very poor product.From the previous 4 favorable reviews, the case is NOT what I expected after I received it.  It is ill-fitting; buttons are hard to use thru the cheap plastic window and thru the side holes.  The case has no opening for recharging a battery. In addition, it is not returnable to the seller I purchased it from, so buyer beware.I had hoped that Milwaukee would work on this problem.  However the two batteries I purchaced most recently lasted about 5 months each.  I guess they just want us to buy new tools. When I do, they will not be Milwakee tools.We like everything about this AM/FM alarm clock w/CD player EXCEPT the radio does not stayed tuned to the channel you are listening to.  This is a real problem, and causes us to be dissatisfied with this product overall.  Is there anything that can be done to fix this problem?Work a pretty well but it doesn't have any protection for harddrives and the sound its a highGood unit bought before cheap tuners were available. Does everything well except occasional freezup when changing channels. Only way to fix this is to unplug the unit for about ten seconds to reset it. See related review of Insignia tuners.Just a small tip to get AAAAs for cheap: Take apart a 9v battery, and boom, you have 6 cheap but great AAAAs that work awhile in this! I've had much better luck Energizers than Duracells, however. http://lifehacker.com/software/macgyver/macgyver-tip-use-a-9+volt-battery-as-emergency-aaas-224159.phpReceived a "CPU Fan Abnormal" error on the first restart.  The fan is working but the CPU is running to hot at idle.  I called Sony they are going to repair, not replace it.  I purchased it from Circuit City and they are going to replace it, thank you for standing behind the products you sell!  I have had trouble with other Sony products lately, so I think this will be the last Sony product I purchase!I agree with the many other users who have experienced the "Condensation, Operation Paused" defect on their JVC GR-XXX. Despite numerous others reporting this problem, JVC says its not a recognized problem. I would disagree - it is a recognized problem, but its your problem, not theirs.I have been trying to get a replacement from BlueProton for this product that didn't work for the past 6 weeks and have not been sucessful.  I am not impressed with the service or this productNot too keen on the charging station as the only way to charge the unit, but the charge has held up for three jump starts and is still full according to the green light.No matter how good this unit is, and it is quite good, it loses serious points for the user-unfriendly remote.  This is supposed to be some enhanced Remote Commander but the buttons are so small and close together and the printing on the unit so illegible that it is virtually useless.  Likewise, I have been trying for the better part of a week to reprogram it to control the TV, CD etc. but no avail.Looked Good. Functioned Well. Map Upload Was great. Unfortunately, the Backlight stopped working on Day one! GREAT CREDIT to Amazon for immediately replacing it though! Hopefully, the replacement unit will last longer.I got the product earlier than promised, which is always a good thing, and with no problems.I purchased this as a gift. The first time it was used, the CD drive worked once for a few minutes and never worked again. It would just keep searching for a CD and never find it. We tried new music CDs right out of the package, MP3 CDs, older music CDs and nothing worked. It wouldn't recognize that we had a CD. I returned the first one thinking that any product has a few defects in it. Got the replacement and it was worse, if possible. It never worked at all. To be fair, the tape and the radio parts of the unit worked fine, but the CD part (which is what we really wanted) never worked at all. I have purchased many CD players before and never had one that didn't work. It's not that difficult a product to produce. This product is obviously not manufactured with any kind of quality control. I would NOT recommend this item to anyone. Perhaps we may have gotten a good unit if we had tried again, but for me, two defective units in a row is too much.I bought the unit from best buy. When I got home, the unit would not play any of my mp4's (h264 format unprotected). In addition, it was extremely choppy when playing uncompressed vob files wirelessly. The remote was horrible, and FF/RW was useless. I would not buy this product if anyone wants to use h264 (supersmall size videos: ~900mb per movie).I have just removed Norton Antivirus from 6 business computers because it would repeatedly shut down, allowing all of the computers to become infected. Having removed Norton Antivirus I find that all of the computers now run approximately 30-40% faster! I will never use Norton again, and I would urge anyone else not to even consider it. This program is awful.Purchased these adapters (bought two) in the hope that my remote computer wireless connections would drop off less frequently but have been somewhat disappointed in that the performance, while good, is still not much better than with the older technology.  This adapter works well but not quite up to the five star level.  Still recommended....good bang for the buck.Epson branded ink can be relied on to give you the best copies with the least problems. I've never had an issue using branded cartridges. My only complaint with brand name cartridges (not just Epson) is the cost. In the two years that I've had this printer I've spent more than twice the cost of the printer in ink.We ordered 2 of this item.  We had to send one back to the manufacturer as it did not work when we received it.  We have yet to hear from them nor have we received a new one to replace the first one we sent back.  The one that we do have is working fine.I have windows XP SP2. My CD drive doesn't recognize this CD. It says either CD format is different or corrupt. I ordered for a replacement and even the replacement CD it is the same problem. I never had problem with any other CD. There is nothing in the Technical support. I returned my CDs.The external audio connection to an mp3 player works fine, but couldn't make use of the usb port for playing music from flash drives. Another issue is that in big cities. Since there are practically no free fm channels there's a lot of interference going on and hence the quality is not great.I agree with the comment below.  I was under the assumption as the previous reviewer.  I would pay about $5 with no shipping but no more.  It basically is more cosmetic than productive.Set-up and loading was easy, but WILL NOT hold 250 WMA songs. The most I could fit was 158, and there was ALOT of memory left.Also, to play Wal-Mart downloads you have to copy from computer to cd, delete from computer, rip from cd back to computer, then transfer to device. Battery life not close to 19 hours if using backlight. For $24 it's not bad, but it should at least live up to claims.I bought the cable to connect my new HP laptop (Vista) to an HP Laser Jet 5p printer.  The laptop recognized the cable but could not recognize the printer.  I then tried a Radio Shack cable with the same specifications, and this worked perfectly.  The Sabrent cable was clearly the problem.I have owned this item for just over 3 months, and have had no problems at all. Reads the cards just fine, have had no errors or loose fitting slots. Overall for $15 it serves it purpose, and performs well. No complaints. There is no adaptor for the mini sd card.I have version 9.0.00.20. It is basicaly unusable. Customer service by Valusoft is about the worst I have run into. Recommend avoiding the program until they get it fixed.This calculator does not have a TVM function. I need that basic function for my finance class. I purchased it online after reading the reviews it got and thought it was going to be great. I am now disipointed because I cannot use it. I needed that basic function.This was a Christmas gift and product we received is defective.  We have to send back for a refund and purchase another locally.  Sandisk went online with us and checked to be sure product was not functioning properly.  Their customer service was good.Within a week of installing and using Norton Internet Security, the entire application hung and prevented me from logging off or restarting my computer. The only way I could shut down was to physically turn off the computer. Now every time I start the computer, Norton Internet Security crashes with a hard error in ccapp.exe. Symantec has been well known for releasing buggy software, but this release is a new low even for Symantec. To make matters worse, the uninstaller hangs the system.I never got the product to work I plugged in both cords from the drive, plugged it into the wall.....nothing.  LED would not light up(yes I hooked the wire up) and drive was getting no power and my computer would not recognize the drive.  I took everything back apart and put it back together twice and I got nothing.  I must have received a bad unit. Sent it back for refund.Overall, I like the product, but because it's being used in our bedroom (at night), I was hoping it was as quiet as the product description said it was. I've heard nosier (I had one), but this isn't quite what I was looking for. Maybe none are?I bought a sharp lcd tv from j& r in new york last Jan, after a year and half, when powering on the tv, sometimes works, sometimes not. after unplug in, wait for a while and plug back, worked for a couple months. Send it to service center to checkup, was told that the lcd control board needs to be replaced. when request to get back the replaced lcd control board, was told that sharp does not give back the replaced board, it has to be shipped back, otherwise, you have to pay additional fee to get back the replaced board.. it's rather strange to hear such a lousy policy from any vendor.. But, if you do want to get a sharp, better get a long long warranty..I bought a sharp lcd tv from j& r in new york last Jan, after a year and half, when powering on the tv, sometimes works, sometimes not. after unplug in, wait for a while and plug back, worked for a couple months. Send it to service center to checkup, was told that the lcd control board needs to be replaced. when request to get back the replaced lcd control board, was told that sharp does not give back the replaced board, it has to be shipped back, otherwise, you have to pay additional fee to get back the replaced board.. it's rather strange to hear such a lousy policy from any vendor.. But, if you do want to get a sharp, better get a long long warranty..This PC game controller has a lot going for it; low price, convenient retractable cable, USB plug, vibration motors, turbo fire for any button...all good features.  But it also has a lot going against it; the worst of which is it's turbo-fire feature.  The turbo function is woefully inept - it doesn't repeat nearly fast enough.  It's almost as if the turbo fire only repeats intermittently.  This game pad is totally unacceptable for games on your PC requiring keeping your finger on the button using auto-fire. Other problems include your PC forgetting the pad's plugged in whenever you retract or extend the cable.  That shouldn't have anything to do with the controller's connection!  Also, the digital thumb pad feels cheap...a common problem with game controllers. I know there's a drought of dependable PC game pads with turbo fire, but purchasing this one for it's auto-fire merits would be a mistake.We printed an envelope last week, and since then have not been able to get this thing to print on letter size paper again without a jam.  HP's toolbox gives instructions as to how to fix it, but to no avail. Very frustrated with product.I bought two of these enclosures to use with backup drives for my PC and my wife's Mac.  Installation was fairly easy although the drives are a snug fit in the enclosures and it requires some patience to get the cables to lay flat etc.  However both were soon up and running with no issues formatting the drives.  We don't leave these units running constantly, they're only powered up for weekly backups; that means we can't use them as powered USB hubs.  I barely notice when the unit is on, I have not been bothered by fan noise, perhaps because the unit isn't on top of my desk.  After more than a year of weekly use both units are still working fine, and we're about to buy two more for additional backup drives.My fault, I didn't understand that you couldn't just buy a parallel to USB and plug it into your printer and make it work.  What I need to do is install a new parallel port in my new computer.  For those of you like me who bought a new computer that doesn't have parallel ports, check with your printer manufacturer first to make sure what you are trying to do will work.  So, I'm sure this is a fine product, but it didn't work for what I needed.For the price you won't find anything better than this vac for hardwood and tile floors.  The carpet cleaning attachment is ok for carpets but is difficult to use on high pile, works good on low pile berber.  Suction is unbelievable, noise is average with a slight high pitch whine at full power.  I've use Dyson (overpriced and cheaply made), Oreck(overpriced and cheaply made), and Miele (just plain overpriced) and none outperform this dirt devil on hard floors.  Note, this will not work as a primary carpet vacuum.Have used Norton for years, but the upgrade to 2006 has been problematic.  Spyware undetected by Systemworks 2004 prevents 2006 from synchronizing.  2006 cannot detect it either.  Customer support of little help and clearly not based in the US.  I doubt I will come back to Norton next time.This product is not compatible with Sony DSC F707. The memory stick adaptor doesn't do anything other than throwing error.Sandisk claims that it works with all memeory stick products with the given adapter is false and don't believe that. I searched the internet after buying and found this non-compatibility issue with C13:01 ERROR is universal.Beware before buying.Hard to go wrong with any Panasonic phone,this phone has good clear sound and is easy to program to fit your needs. It would be a better if the handset was just a little bit bigger. Cannot go wrong with this phone system.I've had it for a week now. Sounds good. Mic is okay, but the sound quality is really lacking. It hurts my ears after wearing it for about 15 minutes and I've already had it for a week, so I'm shipping it back...I bought this product and agree with the other reviewer.  It lasted one month.  Even though it has the Nike logo, they don't support the product.  Nike will send you to Philips because it is manufactured by Philips which has horrible customer support.I have been using MS Money since 1995.  Stopped using a paper check registry in 1997.  I update my version every year.  Don't know what I would do if I had to go back to a paper check book.  Its great for keeping track of credit cards, loans, bills and paychecks!This software is billed as completely compatible with the PDF document format. Unfortunately, it is not. It will suffice for an occasional text document, but not for a complicated layout, or for publishing forms. Radio buttons, check boxes do not render correctly. One cannot use OpenType or Type 2 fonts in editing. The program frequently hangs and crashes resulting in unrecoverable documents. There also is inconsistent application of tools in dialog boxes, many hard-to-find functions, and disorganized menus. The plus is that customer service is fast, but their solution is to wait for the next version.  I am taking advantage of their 30-day money back guarantee.Using this printer with my Mac has given me headaches, so Mac users listen up. This printer works well and is one of the more cost effective options out there. But, if you run into problems (like getting random error messages when trying to print) I have found the easiest solution is to unplug the power cord from the printer and plug it back in. It seems to re-set the printer and debug whatever problem was going on. It's annoying, but aren't all printers?I bought this for my daughter for her birthday.  It worked for a little while, but after a few uses it wouldn't even power up.  I have been trying all week to get satisfaction from the company at nextar.com and I have had no support whatsoever.  I have emailed them and called them three times with no answer.  I will not be doing business with this company any more.  If you buy one, definately buy the extended warrantee because you will probably be using it.Terrible company to do business with. Going through Amizon I thought this would be a reputable company to do business with. They provide a telephone number for assistance which then tells you the number has been changes. No problem.......but then you call that number and you are unable to speak to a person. I have submitted several e-mail attempts to obtain help and they did respond but unfortunately it was a generic computer generated response. I wish I could send this useless software back.........or better yet... I could receive some assistance and be satisfied..... Thanks for reading this poor review. Kevin H. SmithThe construction is solid. I am impressed with the buttons which have good tactile as well as audio and visual feedback. However the internal electronics is not as good. Randomly but frequently, when I switch computers the screen will come up properly for several seconds and then go blank for several seconds before coming back. Thereafter it is solid. The keyboard, sound and mouse all work without a hitch. However it is hard to use them when the screen is a blank.I thought Norton was bad, constantly freezing my computer with one or another of its components. Well, McAfee is worse. For just anti-virus, you might want to try Avast. For a suite to try, I have no recommendations except ... don't.What a joke!!!  I got my wife one of these for Christmas and had NOTHING but problems.  We hardly ever got it to work right and ended up throwing it away and buyinh an iPod (no problems whatsoever with the iPod).Are the creators of this software FOR REAL??? Think you'll learn French with this junk? Think again! The first---the FIRST lesson makes you recognize French SENTENCES you've NEVER even heard before that have never even been explained prior. And get this, some of the menu labels are in French! The help button does not work. You have to exit the the program to get to the PDF help file. I can't even figure out what most of the exercises are for! Junk!At least one dishonest Amazon vendor (Buy Accessories) is selling overhauled/refurbished units as new. Play it safe and only buy from  Amazon itself. Other than that, it looks great; have not used it yet. Buy a USB emergency battery charger for longer trips. APC has several good ones: http://www.apc.com/products/family/index.cfm?id=314&ISOCountryCode=usBy all means, STAY AWAY from this item. I got one and there was no way I could get it to work. Windows XP says it was there but did not work. It came with a generic driver CD that has drives on of PCI LAN, Printer and numerous other drivers. I could not even find a driver for USB. I had nothing to loose as I have a play hard drive so I loaded one driver at a time just to see what would happen. No way could I get it to work. Even though the cost is under $5.00, if it does not work.....WHAT GOOD IS IT? I bought a Trend. Plugged in and no drivers were needed for XP. Came with a CD and it had one driver on it for Win 98. Loaded driver for 98 and it worked. By the way, I have a dual boot computer, Win 98se and XP.This was really static-y on any radio I used.  I now have an ipod video which this is not compatible with so I no longer use it any way, but wasn't thrilled with it while I did use it.I would recommend this product.  I have seen other reviews where people have had problems with these.  I have burnt over 85 of the 100 I purchased and have had ONE that was bad.  All the rest worked fine.I've not had the difficulties others have expressed with this program.  My first experience was with version 2 which was bundled with my Wacom tablet.  After using it for a while I was hooked and upgraded to version 3.  With a tablet the program is very intuitive, unlike Photoshop CS2 and Illustrator CS2, and produces wonderful results.  I've never liked working with digital media until now. A tablet is essential to getting the most out of the program.Starter is the key word here. The cost is quite affordable; set-up is easy. For a printer of this size, don't expect to put in half reams of paper (logical). The ink cartridge cost is also affordable...BUT HERE IS THE REASON WHY: the cartridges hold next to nothing! If you're printing off a paper with more than 50 pages, get ready to change your cartridge! You will pay for this printer in ink cartridges in under 30 days. And like other reviews...it is SLOW. If color is not an issue, but you want speed and a better balance of ink used, upgrade to the HP 1020 (NOT the 1012-no, no, no, no, no!!).I previously wrote a review when I hadn't received the product for 30 days. Tech for Less fixed the situation and even paid for the shipping. I would purchase items in the future from Tech for Less.Bought the FlashTrax Media Player.  After a power outage the hard drive was fine, but the main computer would not recognize the drive.  We were only three months over the one year warranty, and even though we would pay for the repair they said they wouldn't touch it after it was out of warranty.  POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE. Poor attention was given to detailed emails, had to keep repeating the same thing over and over. Their final response...."But it is the way that we have everything set up. We can not change things because you want us to. It would not be fair to every other customer who fellows the rules and saves their paper work. Good luck."  Hello?  I had the paperwork.This keyboard is awful. The cheap-feeling keys stick all the time, the "right-click" portion of the touch pad is poorly positioned for right-handed people so that every time you try to move the cursor right-click menus appear.This was a used phone but the only thing that appeared used was the box.  Everything works well.This program is horrible.Symantec doesnt care about you programs or data.They only want your money.Their support is run by idiots who know very little about their crappy products.I lost all my games,and my superfast dell machine is now a planter.your suuppot was useless.You could hire people who have brains,but that would hurt your bottom line.Its been reported you are having a banner year.yeah riping off your customers.A must to avoid,from a kid who knows.Bought a cell phone battery that, of course, died one week past their return/refund deadline. Refused to refund or replace even though the product is CLEARLY defective. This company is a ripoff and will never do business with them again. Consider yourself warned.Bought a cell phone battery that, of course, died one week past their return/refund deadline. Refused to refund or replace even though the product is CLEARLY defective. This company is a ripoff and will never do business with them again. Consider yourself warned.Bought a cell phone battery that, of course, died one week past their return/refund deadline. Refused to refund or replace even though the product is CLEARLY defective. This company is a ripoff and will never do business with them again. Consider yourself warned.I've been using Norton products for years, but never any of the "Basic" versions. I've never had any trouble, and used Norton System Works often.   So when I upgraded, I went by lowest price, not realizing (didn't read the fine print) that NSW Basic didn't include the Antivirus program - my mistake !!!  I subsequently had to buy the stand alone version of Norton AV.  BTW, it doesn't integrate itself into NSW-Basic.The first one I got didn't work well because the USB cable had a short in it.  The replacement seems to work fine, but the overall quality is not as good as the Apple charger.This was exactly what I was looking for!!  However, their software is too fancy and causes it to crashes sometimes (alpha fading with .NET).  I'm sure the issues will be fixed in the next release.THIS IS A BEAUTIFUL LOOKING UNIT--HOWEVER IF YOU PUT IT UNDER A COUNTER ON THE INTEERIOR OF YOUR KITCHEN, THE RADIO WILL NOT PICK UP STATIONS. THE CD WORKS QUIT WELL. EASY MOUNTING UNDER COUNTER.My son loves this player. I like it a lot because when we first got it we had a problem getting it going. I e-mailed Sandisk and they e-lailed me right back, with in min.... but why would they not include a cable for hooking it up to an iPod Nano in Griffin's own iTrip for iPod Nano? That's just silly. The correct cable cost an additional 16 bucks.The memory stick PRO works good, but the adapter does not, some kind of weak contact I guess. This is not a problem of my memory reader (it works fine with other memory stick cards).Love QB but 2006 has been nothing butheadaches, March 9, 2006 Reviewer: T. Krisher (southeast) - See all my reviews My company has been using QuickBooks for at least 5 years and up until the 2006 release has only really had problems when we upgraded for about a day getting the file converted. We loved QB and it has worked well for us. Until 2006. This software has been one bug, glitch, or problem after another. Many of the customer/vendor search options are gone. But mostly there are so many bugs. Every time we sign in we are always told we have paychecks to send, EVERY TIME-even when we don't which is 90% of the time. Our friendly reminders (i.e. Don't forget your W-2s) never go away, even when we say it is done. We can not create an accountants copy from our computers anymore- now it is only from the server. There have been more problems but these are just what I have been dealing with this week. Qb is a great program but 2006 sucks!!!Mine is more then a year old and I have not had any problem with it. I saw some bad reviews and perhaps those people got lemons or the product is not as good as it once was. I just wanted to add a note to let people know that mine has lasted for a long time with no issues. I am always interested in reviews with long term reliability.Hey I bought this for my Nokia N90 phone and it did not work. I advise anyone who will buy this first make sure with the product manufacturer that if it is compatible or not.This player is fragile and unreliable.  Do not buy it.  Mine barely functioned for two weeks and then crashed completely.  Absolutely useless.  The seller will not refund my money.  Don't get suckered by this player!This player is fragile and unreliable.  Do not buy it.  Mine barely functioned for two weeks and then crashed completely.  Absolutely useless.  The seller will not refund my money.  Don't get suckered by this player!Works great. Casts a cool white light. Kill a watt power usage meter was unable to measure kilawatt per hour becasue it was soo low. My estimte would be 15 - 20 cents per year.I would have given this product zero star if I could.  I've been using couple Sabrent ECS-U35K for couple months now without any problem until last week.  I had both enclosures plugged into the same power strip.  Had both of them turned on and running when I hear a loud pop! then both LED started flashing follow by and really strong odor.  I shut both of them off immediately, but it was already too late. To make a long story short, Two dead hard drives and one dead enclosure.  I've lost so much on the two hard drives that I will never use another Sabrent enclosure again.  E-mail Sabrent tech support with no response.  You know what you have to lose if this cheap enclosure kill your hard drive.  Buy and use at your own risk!The system is regular, normal I would say for any kid who is not looking for cutting edge games. My biggest complain is that HP made this computer just for Windows XP Home edition. After installing Professional edition you will end up with no sound and may be some thing else. There are not drivers for this system if you change OS, basically you can not upgrade computer.Product is good but not simple to learn. Works well on motorcycle and is water proof. Screen is small bur bright in the day.Buy them.  Now.  They last a long time, and they're rechargable.  What more could you ask for?this product is not effective UNLESS the bottom of your bottle is FLAT.  otherwise it's not going to work unless you feel like suppressing a small button for a long period of time to heat your bottle.  i'm still in search of an auto bottle warmer.  any bright ideas????this product is not effective UNLESS the bottom of your bottle is FLAT.  otherwise it's not going to work unless you feel like suppressing a small button for a long period of time to heat your bottle.  i'm still in search of an auto bottle warmer.  any bright ideas????This program was not what I expected.. I got a better aquarium from the internet on a free download. The selection of fish is very poor. Settings were nice and lighting was good.It is what I wanted. It works well. Although you have to make a new folder before use it as a flash drive, it is not supposed to be used in this way.Usual quality from Norton as expected, but this new version slows down my computer.  It runs too much in the background...that seems to slow down both (fairly new) computers I put it on.I pre-ordered this item, but now when i look at "My Account" the order is not listed.  Apparently, Amazon has cancelled my order without even notifying me.  I didn't even receive an e-mail.I have the new macbook pro and this product will not burn anything, it continues to show errors. I have wasted a lot of DVD R's because of this product. It is slow and is supposed to be universal with the my mac. However, this product does not work. In addition, I have had no luck getting in contact with their support center. There is none!I have been looking for an astrology software program for years that will give me this much information.  Most of them the cost was out of reach.  I recieved it today and have been working with it for hours!  I will be upgrading.Really great product. I would even like to note that this reader will "eject" the card by pressing and releasing the card.  I found this helpfull not like some laptops or other readers that when you put the card in, you have to find something to "pull" the card out, like you lost it.Product works well, however customer service has een VERY POOR. Headset slider slips out of track. Unusable. Have been unsuccessful in trying since 1/12/07 to return/exchange product. Company does not respond. Amazon does not respond. Lesson learned. I'm stuck with this inferior product but will NEVER purchase electonics on-line. Learn from my mistake.Nightmare, absoulute nightmare to set up on XP, very very flakey operation, just won't find the network on win98se. on win2000, locks the machine if left connected when booting, when it does work, writes a file ( RtacDbg.txt ) which eventually fills up all the space on the hard-drive! How this ever got to market is beyond me. Complete waste of money. Better punting on a cheap chinese knock-off from Ebay, could not be worse than this piece of junk. --DON'T BUY!!-- --DON'T BUY!!-- --DON'T BUY!!-- --DON'T BUY!!-- --DON'T BUY!!-- --DON'T BUY!!-- --DON'T BUY!!-- --DON'T BUY!!--Every couple of days the keyboard experiences problems while typing. I'll be able to type a few characters and then it won't register anymore keys for a few seconds. It's like the software is locked up. Then it goes away after a few minutes and everything is fine. So frustrating I'm going out to buy a new keyboard today. It's not a computer problem because I installed it on brand new dell laptop. There is also something else that is weird. The software says there is a week connection and it's been that way since day 1. New batteries, reciever right next to mouse and keyboard, etc. No luck.The rating does not truly reflect the product's quality but I couldn't give it a higher than one star because I never received the unit... because Amazon never sent my order!The service and delivery is excellent. But the product is just ok. The sound quality is not really high. Besides, Windows Explorer cannot check for its capacity as a USB drive.Bose has a lot of nerve marketing these headphones as "noise cancelling". They are advertised as some sort of miracle noise-blocking device but are anything but. Do not buy these just for noise cancellation or you will be very disappointed as I am. They are also outrageously overpriced. You are just paying for the Bose name which means nothing to me anymore.I like the features and I feel like there are lot of accessories to be bought additional. If everthing comes up in bundle pack with few more bucks it would be really good.Beware! Item is listed by Amazon as 6 feet long but when it arrived I knew something was wrong.  It measured 4' 11" plug to plug and wouldn't reach my printer without rearranging my workspace.  To top it off it wasn't compatible with my printer.  Driver disc is also poor quality.  Make sure it will work with your printer before you buy.Bought System mechanic 6 pro online, it repairs but reports problems but you cannot get information at all. None of the modules report what is being done. If you need assistance forget it, all you get from IOLO is go see the FAQ's, I don't think humans work there just a computer that generates emails. STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY!!!Pros: Flexible band design is more comfortable than the previous hard plastic design Transmitter is detachable from strap, so DIY battery replacement (with previous hard plastic combined transmitter/band version, had to send in strap when battery went bad) Cons: the fabric loop that secures the strap hook is flimsy and broke within 6 months.  I've got to order a replacement.I've had this unit working for a week now with no problems.  Sound quality is good, with no noticable weaknesses. I purchased the unit primarily for it's HDMI switching/upconversion.  I have an HDMI cable going from this unit to my plasma TV.  My cable box and DVD player use component into the JVC, and my VCR is composite.  The picture looks beautiful in high-def or DVD.  I have not tried HDMI from my cable box into the unit yet, and I have heard that there are HDCP issues with this sometime so be aware of that.Personally I like the wireless technology and ever since bluetooth came out I was looking for good stereo headset. I used about 10 different brand bluetooth products and I bought this back in Sep 08, and it broke in Dec. before it broke, worked good(well.. now I'm using sony product and those are way better) except poor quality, another weak point is lower sound quality. I thought that low sound quality is all bluetooth's weak point, but after I use sony one, that's not the truth. For now, I'm using the receiver to other mp3 device. you can use any bluetooth device with this receiver. I give 3 stars for receiver and 1 star for headset.I ordered these to use under my kitchen cabinets and provide just that extra light needed when cooking.  I really didn't want to wire halogen lights under the cabinets, and these looked like they would fit the bill.  Sadly, I was wrong.   They do work just as described, but think more like NIGHT LIGHT not BRIGHT LIGHT.  It was a pretty big disappointment to rip open the package and stick the light on the cabinet and have this pretty direct beam shine onto my countertops.  Really wasn't what I was expecting.I ordered these to use under my kitchen cabinets and provide just that extra light needed when cooking.  I really didn't want to wire halogen lights under the cabinets, and these looked like they would fit the bill.  Sadly, I was wrong.   They do work just as described, but think more like NIGHT LIGHT not BRIGHT LIGHT.  It was a pretty big disappointment to rip open the package and stick the light on the cabinet and have this pretty direct beam shine onto my countertops.  Really wasn't what I was expecting.We live in a rural area that lacks good cell coverage.  We purchased this product as we have a Cingular cell phone.  Many times we were unable to use our cell phone.  After purchasing this cell phone signal booster it is outstanding!  Now we do not have any interuption using the cell phone and many times have six bars.  Would highly reccomend this product to anyone that has poor cell service in their home.This product doesn't record well. Constantly prompts to format discs that have (by some miracle) been successfully recorded.  You get what you pay for.  Invest in a better product.this cable is pretty solid and a few bucks cheaper than the apple brand option. no problems, clean signal, and i've used it on other media devices without problem.Nice features, on/off switch is nice.  AA batteries last long.  Sometimes not smooth tracking, though.  Almost would be more practical paying less for a wired mouse that works smoothly.I purchased this phone because of previuos products I've owned from this company.  I like the product and I've never experienced any problems with it.  So far so good.This is a nice looking Phone/Clock Radio. However the Radio performance is very poor. I only listen to the local FM station, and the sound is bad as it goes in and out. Specs note an internal antena. I wish I could have an external antena with good reception. I replaced a Magnavox unit with good stereo sound.I knew not to expect a lot of volume from this small recorder, but so far I've not been happy with my recordings because they are difficult to hear. I have used new batteries, checked the volume control, but the recordings are still poor.  My good sense keeps the recorder from finding a home in the trash can.Very reasonable performance for a low cost camera. Image is a bit fuzzy. Motion detection is not reliable as it reacts to lighting changes. Recording software is flaky with buffer overflow.Needed this for an old HP Laserjet 6L for use on a new IMac.  Plugged in and worked.  No fuss.  Could have used 8-ft, but 6-ft length is ok.Since Symantec refuses to provide any customer support for the products they sell it has become dangerous to install their products.  There are other companies selling products that work at least as well, are more stable, do less damage to you computer and that provide real support.  If a Symantec product fails to work you get to pay them $29.95, to start with, for help and there is no guarantee that the person on the phone has a clue as to what they are saying, normally just reading from a computer screen with no real knowledge.  My advice, after having spent years buying and using Norton/Symantec, is to look else where for all products.Leaves a clean no haze or powdery shine; however, does not last as long as the Eagle One Nano Wax spray.I just purchased this yesterday morning at our local K-Mart, & even though this is definitely not the first VCR that I've ever had to connect, neither the picture nor sound would show up/sound on our TV no matter how much I fiddled with the connecting cable(Our TV is quite old, but not broken....)! Also, the Fast Forward Button just wouldn't work on a completely re-wound tape(It only started working after I had loosened up the tape by using the Play Button on the tape for a few seconds....); & this thing'd make extremely loud noises whenever I pushed a FF, Rew., or a Stop Button....  I've ended up returning this item within an hr.....The left ear crackles while listening to certain recording regardless of volume. Sennheiser will not respond to my requests for replacement. Certain recordings sound outstanding it is too bad I received a bum set of headphones I'm sure it is very rare to get a bad set but be prepared to be ignored if you do.The hard case shown for the Palm Tungsten E2 handheld is the one positively rated by reviewers as the "DSI" company hard case. BUT, the ONLY hard case that is shipped by "wireless galaxy", is the LOUSY(rated by one of the 3 reviewers) "Innopocket" company hard case, for $19.99. This is like a "bait and switch" situation, with a great "DSI" company hard case reviewed and SHOWN in the picture, but in the fine print of "comments" about the hard case being sold by "wireless galaxy", the hard case for the Palm Tungsten E2 being shipped is the LOUSY Innopocket company hard case that was given a very poor rating by one of the reviewers. (as of 4:10am(ET) Saturday 22 July 2006)I read the reviews and since it received (on average) about 4 stars, i thought i would buy it.  i did and i probably would have given equally positive reviews when i first used it (even a few weeks after receiving it).  it's stylish; it's fun to use (in a weird, european kinda way). now, it's already broken and doesn't work.  the problems i have with this item are very consistent with what i have read from the few negative reviews of people who didn't just jump to write a review, used it for a while and now experience problems. again, i would have given it a very positive review when i first got it so i would be curious to see how long the folks who gave it positive reviews had the item. i've had mine for less than two months and now would not recommend anyone to buy this item.Purchased these ear buds for iPod.  Regular buds never fit right and I hoped these "gumy" headphones would be soft enough to hold their shape and stay in place.  No such luck!  Gummy seems NOT to refer to the part where the bud connects with the ear.  Sound quality very good, buds just not comfortable enough for me.  My man likes them, though.Excellent stuff, but the box in which the package was coming was too big. I paid more for the courier.The software will load on your PC, however does not connect to their network.  No phone or online support.  Sent e-mail with no response. SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!!!As anyone who reads the reviews knows, the batteries last a pitifully short time.  BUT, the good news, Amazon has them for what they are worth.  Cheap!This headset has echo problems for the person you're speaking to. It's light and easy to put on, but the echo problems are a show-stopper for me.We are running constantly this humidifier with very little change in humidity. I need humidity to run a garment printer, and this is just not doing it.Works well, easy to change frequency.  I have seen and used a lot of others that could not transmit well, this product does not have that problem.Good value for the money. I use it for running and it has worked every time. I guess you could get a better arms strap, but whatever.Pulled it out of the box, disconneted our JVC surround system, connected the new Sony system...plugged it in...and guess what, the DVD player kept displaying "no disc"..and if you pushed any button..."demo mode".  Could not even turn the unit off.  After calling the 800 number the gentleman told us that if we looked toward the back of the instruction book..we would find that the unit needed to be returned...it was broke. Needless to say we were not too happy Christmas evening.I've had no problems with this SD card.  I like the fact that it has a lifetime warranty. It performs everytime and the price is very good.I bought one for 2 reasons. I type hard, I want a keyboard that can handle it.  (I have big hands.) I want a backlit keyboard for working at night. Out of the box the backlight doesn't work.  It's plugged into a KVM that has external power and has been able to light every backlit keyboard I've used with it, no problems.  The on/off key does nothing. Scroll-lock key doesn't work either Many of the letters have to be pressed firmly down to get anything at all.  It's like using an old keyboard, there is no consistency between keys. Given the number of problems / malfunctions on this keyboard I have to wonder how anyone has received a working one.i just got mine last night, and you don't need to even read the directions, its so simple. the backlight is good, and so is the radio. my only complaints are: it would have been nice if you could record radio, it is a bit hard to get the MP3 player in the case, and the armband is huge, but maybe i just have small arms.I have used Norton products for many years without a problem, including Norton Internet Security 2005. Recently I purchased NIS 2006. What a mistake. Every time I run a  virus scan, the computer crashes. Total lights out, power down, blank screen! Three sessions with the very polite but not-much-help Symantec online tech support staff in India could not find a solution. (I should have to PAY THEM for phone support when their product won't run correctly??) Uninstalling and reinstalling was no help, either. This is the last Norton product for me.This is a NOTEBOOK camera, but it needs more power than most laptops have at the USB ports.  Creative suggested I use a powered usb hub. Why would I want to use a Powered Hub with a laptop.  I think the camera is a bad design. Returned it. I have never returned any of the products that I have purchased from AMAZON, but the return was painless.The battery free portion of this radio failed to work for more than two minutes at a time after cranking for nearly one half hour. When placing batteries in the radio, it works fine, but it defeats the main purpose of an emergency radio when no batteries are available. I had to remove the Ni-MH storage batteries and replace them by re-soldering them in place. This is my second one of these radios, the first one works just fine.Have owned since 10/2006.  This was happening from the get-to.  When screen not frozen, this player is superb, however, when frozen, frustrating as there was no rhyme or reason or pattern.  When sent back to Creative, they claim the LCD is cracked and therefore will NOT honor warranty, extended or otherwise, due to so-called physical damage.  Told me they hoped I purchased shipping insurance and I might try filing a claim to recoup loss knowing full well shipper will not reimburse loss without proof of shipper damage and, Creative admits, the shipping was intact and had no damage.  They have no explanation to a cracked screen which left here with no known LCD problems.  I have since found massive complaints of spontaneous LCD problems that Creative apparently will not cover.  Very expensive lesson.  I will keep to disposable $30 models from now on - they last much longer!  Link to numerous complaints and possible class action suit. [...]The unit is Quite. It sits on instaled rubberstrips when standing vertically. No vibrations. Not even warm to touch. Too bad they did not provide basic backup software. But I have found a Freeware product which is a perfect match. It is called Syncback. URL Postings are not allowed, So A9 or Google to find it.I have only had this unit for 1.5 years. Intermittently, there has been a strange error message (Download Connected/Download Standby), which Canon support says indicates a problem inside the printer that needs to be serviced. I have managed to get the problem fixed to date by unplugging and replugging the power cord, but it is unpredictable as to when it will be fixed. Could be minutes, could be hours. It has happened to me again recently, and this might be the final hour of its existence!! The cost of repair will probably be more than I paid for the unit. I have multiple HP units that have lasted years without problems. Back to HP for me!!!Ill echo what others have said; when it works this is a pretty good basic MP3 player.  However, like others our unit froze after just a couple of days use.  It gets as far as the logo screen but no farther.  At that point none of the controls respond (except the power button) and the computer does not recognize it as a device.  Disappointing given all of the good reviews. --- 12/8/2007 UPDATE --- We returned the unit and got another one.  This unit also locked up after a few weeks.  However, in looking for information online I found that there was a newer firmware version that was supposed to resolve the problem.  Unfortunately I was unable to load the new firmware because the unit was locked up.  I returned it to Sandisk under warranty (a fairly painless process).  I dont recall if the replacement came with the new firmware or I applied it immediately.  Either way, it has been about 9 months with no more problems.  Id now give this a 4 star rating.This is my 2nd iTrip because my 1st one did not work with my iPod Touch. The quality is just as good as the first. Most of the time works with little to no interference. Does not work well while holding the iPod. Expect FM quality because that is what it is.I was really disappointed when I tried out this unit given the high rating others have given it.  The sound is dull and without clarity.  It is something I would expect from a clock radio with a big speaker.  Don't buy this product if you want a player with high sound quality.I spoke to Neat Receipts. They confirmed that the business card scanner does not work as yet with MS-Office 2007, the primary purpose for which I bought the product. They requested me to hold on to Neat Reciepts until July, by when they promised the problem will be fixed. I am waiting!It is a bit early but the first indications are that this is just what i was looking for.  The display could be a bit bigger but in the dark in the middle of the night, the curvature is manageable and the display last for just long enough. One positive that will probably not go away was the ease of start up with this clock.I purchaced my sony boom box from best buy, (should be called worst buy) not amazon. This afternoon it up and quit working. Zero help from Sony. They wanted to charge me to fix or replace the unit AND wanted me to pay shipping. What a ripoff. Do not buy this or ANY sony products if you want any customer support. Rating should be no stars.After receiving it, tray does not open. Customer service tried to help, but had to send it for repair. Warranty specifies repair or refurbished model, which I do not like at all so would have prefered to get the money back, but more than 30 days passed since purchased. Guess Japanese Panasonic is better than "made in Singapore" This cannot happen in a brand new DVD recorder, probably last Panasonic product I purchase. Suggest Amazon gives extended money back warranty for this kind of "big" failures, like receiving a brand new DVD and tray does not even open to insert the disk.After receiving it, tray does not open. Customer service tried to help, but had to send it for repair. Warranty specifies repair or refurbished model, which I do not like at all so would have prefered to get the money back, but more than 30 days passed since purchased. Guess Japanese Panasonic is better than "made in Singapore" This cannot happen in a brand new DVD recorder, probably last Panasonic product I purchase. Suggest Amazon gives extended money back warranty for this kind of "big" failures, like receiving a brand new DVD and tray does not even open to insert the disk.Broke after 2 months of use. froze up. Called customer service. Was no help. poor quality. can hardly see screen. would never purchase sandisk again.Dont buy this. The product does not work. I guess that is the reason it is so cheap. Would cost more to ship it back.Item was as listed.  Not a huge amount of space, but was just what I needed.  The arm band and plastic case were a bonus.For what it is, it's not bad.  I mean, it's a modem, the only way it could be bad is if it didn't work, right?There are DJ headphones, I got them to listen to my music with quality.  Don't buy these if you are looking for a quality headphone.Works as advertized, a bit noisy at full speed which you will most likely not need.  Low speed is more than adequate for most situations.Why settle for less, when you can get a brand new original iPod nano 4GB for Free! I got mine from this web site:  ilikethis.info/ipod-nanoPlease read all Jasmine's reviews.  They are all identical.  I don't know if this is a good computer or not, but Jasmine is posting spam.This product never worked....period.  Further, no one returned an email after I attempted to get a replacement.  I am totally disappointed and felt really used.I wanted to buy a mouse for my notebook but this one is big for such purposes. I guess this is more suited for desktops.My two complaints are...it says tank of water lasts 36 hours...nope. I have to refill mine every night(the humidifier does run for 9 hours every night). My other issue...which isn't major, but the description said it's quiet when it's running. Not really. It's louder than I expected it to be.Good value for a wireless rear speaker system. Has good sounnd. Only problem is a hum when the system sound pauses from the center speaker.I like the size. The speed on reading and writing is usually just fine, but when writing a group of small files it takes ages.A five-star quality unit with quick delivery from Amazon.  Love the ease of use but wish it could be used without being plugged in...  emGot one from eBay for $20 (shipping included). This is my second MP3 player. My previous one is a Creative Labs MuVo TX/FM 256MB. I think the MuVo is a better MP3 player then e130 in four ways: 1. Better FM radio reception. 2. Better battary lift. 3. Better sound quality. 4. Better built.Pros: Good FM reception good remote functionality value for money Cons: build qaulity seems to be fragile, it still intact for me. Eqaulizer button is too small to be usable. both ipod dock connector and head phone jack come from the bottom, it would have been better if headphone jack comes out of the topThis is product is a great idea for those of us who can not wear ear buds.  However they are designed for the old ear buds models  which are bigger.  The newer ear buds are smaller in size and fall right out of the ear jams.  Greatly disappointed!I have really been pleased with the refurb Sansa E260.  I had my doubts but bought it anyway.  It is the same as new except the word refurb on the back.  New at Walmart is $150, refurb $60.  Absolutely no problems.  I ordered 2 more.  Delivery was speedy.I bought both System Works and Internet Security and now Windows is finished.  Crashes for no good reasons and then refuses to boot.  Appears Norton has huge registry issues with their own software.  And their tech support really stinks. Avoid at all costs...this program is a death trap!Well, it worked as advertised the first four or five times I used it. Now its dead. Tried everything imaginable to make it work. Nope. Nada. Just will not charge my batteries at all. Should have read the reviews here first. Just stay away from this product.Words cannot describe how this phone sucks!! I have had numerous occasions where people are cut off in the middle of leaving a message, or they left a message and it was not recorded. I am using this phone for my business and it is costing me money.  I will be forced to buy another brand because this is the second Panasonic that has done these things.  It is not dependable.Poor documentation for the Epson V700 scanner, in fact there is no written documentation. For example, to get instructions for loading and scanning a film strip you have to wade through a cumbersome file-a so-called User Guide. Considering the price of this scanner, the least Epson could have done is furnish a User Guide on a CD.Okay. WARNING: It has NEVER happened to me when using registry mechanic. But here is my 02 CENTS! First of all, before doing any sort of cleanup or repair, make sure you do a registry backup. Just go into registry mechanic's options and place a checkmark on the option that reads,"create a system restore point......." It is always nice to have a known good, working copy of your registry. Since you never know what or when it could get corrupted. Now, for the program itself. I have used it since version 3. Have used with several different pc makes and models. Always worked as advertised. Never messed anything up. In addition to keeping the registry clean, make sure you keep your pc cleaned of junk files. I suggested cleanup40.exe or ccleaner; both free. It goes without saying, but, you should have a good anti-virus program (and keep it updated). Also, you should have 2 good anti-spyware (anti-malware) programs. I say 2, because no single program has been found to catch and remove ALL the malware currently out there.We've been using these batteries for well over a year now (we bought an 8-pack) and they've been fine. It would be helpful to have the meter on the side that tells you how much life is left in each battery, like some disposable batteries do.We've been using these batteries for well over a year now (we bought an 8-pack) and they've been fine. It would be helpful to have the meter on the side that tells you how much life is left in each battery, like some disposable batteries do.Good value for a replacement filter,  I do not know how long a filter will last but always have a spare on hand.Works well. Had some trouble downloading the music from the computer but finally got it to work. Holds a good amount of songs.I run both Linux and XP.  My wireless connection works with both. I got just what I wanted and in a timely manner.I am sooooo returning this piece of junk. Didn't even last a week of regular use. Cord is coming apart at the connectors.The MP3 player works fine but there is not FM radio in it. Beware of what they sell you. Other wise its ok.We never received this item.  I e-mailed the Rainbor group but never received a reply.  I will never order anything through them again.I've only had my notebook for 3 months and in this time period I've had the notebook shutdown from overheating, drive errors, files constantly becoming corrupt, program failure, and drive failures. I've sent in the notebook twice now to be repaired only to recieve it a week later. It works fine for 5 minutes then all the problems happen all over again. What really bugs me is that whenever I call the support center the supposed "expert" has me go through repair steps I've done several times before I call them for help. I'm never buying a product from Toshiba again since all they sell are subpar products and refuse to acknowledge their poor performance.You will regret buying any product with the govideo brand.   i have owned two different models of the govideo vcr-dvd combo players and both had fatal vcr head failures within a hours of use.  i bought these new, not refurbished from fry's electonics.  they would be better known as NO-GOVIDEO.Tried to make the product work on a Windows XP Professional. It did not work. Tried to call Tech. service= was left on line 20 minutes without help 3 times. Called Better Business Bureau in Irvine CA  and found out that company has an "F" rating and does NOT respond to. I will stop payment through my credit card. The product locked up both the product AND my computer EVERY time I tried to do a back-up. Even when closing all running programs, even though this is supposed to back up even running programs. STAY AWAY FROM IT.!!!My Husband & I bought this about a year ago. We have had nothing but problems with it since. In order for it to even turn on, we have to unplug it, replug, then hope it will work. We lost the receipt, so not able to return it. Has been aweful since it was purchased! Will never buy an RCA product again!!!At first, I was telling people to not buy this product because of the hogging system resources and slow response on the player. Now that the new firmware has (finally) been released, the product is much better. It almost never freezes on me, the response time is much quicker and PC-player sync times are much shorter. The battery life is not much to be praised for, but it lasts around 9-12 hours for me.I bought one unit and returned it when it became undependable about running. The second unit had the same problems. 1) Unit's lights go out if water level in bottom pan gets too low signifying water needs to be added. The unit's trouble shooter manual doesn't identify this "operating" feature but instead refers you to other problems. This item was further confused by a poorly designed base unit. (see below) 2) Plastic bumps in unit base that press against water bottle stoppers are not high enough. The unit would frequently quit running long before water level in bottles was out. I placed 1/2" copper plumbing caps (with 1/8" cut off their ends) on top of those "bumps" and now the unit runs until the water is truly exhausted. 3) blower unit must be set exactly in place on base or float will fail to operate properly and unit won't run. Other than these "flaws" the unit performs well and looks good. After the unit was modified, I could re-rate it at a 4-star.Installation is a flash under windows XP (retail version). Very smooth. I have some very good result with BF2 online.Give it a shotI'm a big fan of Sony products. This Sony clock radio is worth every penny. The am/fm reception is very good. The cd player is not only user friendly but sounds great! Although, this is not a high end table radio costing hundreds more! For @ $50 bucks you can't go wrong!Iam writing this review not because the laptop didnt function properly etc but because THE SEAL ON THE SONY BOX WAS ****BROKEN**** and yes, I did read other reviewers comments but I guess I was overoptimistic. The computer looks, feels new but how does it matter?? I know for a fact that it was opened before it got to me so who knows how long this is going to run?? I bought this peice as a gift for someone and I dont have time to do the returns and exchanges. But I would feel very frustrated if there is a defect with the laptop and it stops working for that reason. What would be pathetic would be if amazon knew that these laptops are returns and may have a problem but are still selling them. That sucks..I was looking for a sharpener specifically for Japanese knives (I have 5 Shun knives).  I could not believe how horrible this sharpener is.  I really thought it might have damaged my knives.  It is unbelievably course and it chatters very badly while sharpening.  Do not even consider this product.   Back to the waterstones for me!!The product description was deceiving b/c it states that it is a MP3/CD player w/120 second Anti-Skip Protection.  The 120 Anti-skip protection is only for the MP3 player.  If you play CDs the Anti-Skip is much lower, I think 40 seconds but I'm not sure.  Also the player uses battery power even when it isn't turned on.  So you have to remove the batteries after each use or buy a lot of batteries.  I wouldn't have bought this CD player if I would have known this before making the purchase.Probably the best inexpensive case for the z22 but the hinges are weak.  One drop and one side broke.  Too brittle of plastic for its function/use.  Still, I am going to buy another.I purchased two of these as Christmas presents for my kids.  Just like numerous other reviews, one froze up on the sansa screen after a couple days.  Amazon exchanged it without hassle and the replacement froze up with the same problem within hours.  There are definitely issues with this player and I would not buy it.  I am going to return both and purchase a different player.First stereo I've bought in over 10 years.  Upgraded from a huge stereo with the 2 side by side huge speakers.  But I needed something that would play my ipod, along with cds and the radio.  Just what I was looking for.  Great product!In case some of you have never bought these batteries before, please note that THEY ARE NOT CHARGED when you buy them.  Not great when you need to use them immediately after you get them and have to go out and buy more batteries!I agree with all the negative reviews.  I've been a happy Norton customer for years, but this is the worst thing I've ever installed on my computer.  In the past, Norton has helped me through some difficult times, but now IT is the problem.I price-shopped and got it here because of the significantly lower cost ($60 delivered).  I use it mainly to listen to MP3s and occasionally the FM radio.  Both work fine. Adding and deleting files was easier than I was led to expect, (per other reviewers) I just do it drag-and-drop with Windows Explorer.  You don't need Media Player, etc., for this. About the only problem I've encountered is it's locking-up if I hit the "back" button when it's already in pause mode.  Not even the power button works then, but popping-out the battery fixes it.  I didn't think the plastic case was cheaply made, as some have suggested. June 2008 Update: Good grief! Why would anybody pay $99.99 for this when the 2GIG version is for sale for less than $30.00 ???This is the worst experience I have ever had with a company and a product.  Right from the beginning we had a tv that turned on and off by itself, whenever it wanted to.  Since we had no idea this was a problem with this product, we thought it was the cable company or products.  After a few months of working with the cable company, I read online about other people having this same problem with this tv.  This is when the nightmare began, we made the mistake of calling Circuit City who referred us to Philips.  I won't go into all the details here, but if you are considering buying this product, THINK AGAIN!!!  I am now sitting with a tv that has no picture thanks to the repair man who did not know what he was doing.  Philips response "an exchange is not covered under the warranty" and they hung up on me.  Circuit City will do nothing until I let someone take it in and play with it....I wonder if they have someone to work on it that knows something about repairs????  Philips knows they have a defective product so they will not deal with you.....If you buy a product from them, you are on your own......I WILL NEVER BUY A PRODUCT FROM PHILIPS AGAINAfter eight days the DR-4's copy protection function kicked in, preventing us from further recording off any broadcast channel.  It was exchanged for a different name brand and we have had no trouble recording approximately 50 films off standard, digital and HD stations.While stations might block programs for recording through devices connected via HDMI/DVI this is not the case for standard DVD recording.  It is the fault of the Toshiba, as stated by many others on this thread.I got this fan for $20. All of my friends got better fans for less. I ve to sit within a rage of 2 feet from this fan. It looks pretty good.But not worth it. I m sure there are other fans for less which will keep u much cooler.This is a company with offices and manufacturing facilities on several continents, with probably thousands of employees, and the only way to get customer service by phone is Mon-Fri 9-6 Central Time, closed on holidays? This might be a fine product, but I'll never know because I'm sending it back without ever getting to try it. We have two computers, one with Windows 98SE, the other with XP, and neither one can load the software successfully and recognize that the player is plugged in, and I have to wait 48 hrs. for any customer service? That's just too lame for me.If you're running Vista and you purchase newnovelist 2.0, be prepared for the window "NewNovelist 2.0 has stopped working" and "please wait while windows searches for a solution to this problem" to pop up. You click ok, and then another window pops up "A problem caused the program to stop working correctly. Windows will close the program and notifty you if a solution is available."  The software absolutely will not run. I have been using windows based computers since 1990, I uninstalled and reinstalled the software correctly, same result.  I checked the FAQ's on Newnovelist's website, and my user account control was turned on, as specified in their FAQ. I am an experienced computer user, this should not occur with software that is truly compatible with Vista. It notes on the box "Vista Compliant".  I'm guessing that's marketing-speak for "not really compatible, but something close." I then sent them an email explaining this problem.  And now I'm just waiting. I'll let you know if I receive a satisfactory answer or a solution to the program not functioning on a Vista computer, but if you are running Vista, I would not recommend you purchase this software.Just another user (see review below) who cannot get this camera to work with the HP Special Edition L2005CU laptop.Bought panasonic dmr-eh50 about 2 months ago. First 3 weeks it recorded programs I selected and at least the recorder worked. But then for apparently no reason, it stopped recording scheduled programs. It continued recording programs I manually selected but no automatic recording for scheduled programs I selected. Also,it has a serious reset problem. Sometimes every minute, sometimes every 2-3 minutes, it gets a blue screen for 2-4 seconds and then brings the program back.  The TV guide feature was a big disappointment and is not fully featured. The entire thing needs redesign because sometimes I cannot navigate between scheduled programs and TV guide-- just a flakey, not ready for prime time product. Have had good luck in past with panasonic products but after this, I won't buy panasonic brand.I bought two bulbs in the beginning of Oct. One of them is not working all right, specifically with the on/off function. It cannot be turned off without pulling the bateries out. Here is my experience with their customer service. So I contacted the customer service and did get reply the next day, who claimed to send me a replacement after receiving my address. I replied with appreciation and my address. After 3 weeks, I received nothing. Then I send another email request. After 1 week, nobody replied. Then I sent my third request last week. No responce. What makes me disappointed is not the bad bulb, but the guy who made the "false" promise. The one star is for the working bulb, which is what I wanted for my bathroom. The light is not bright, which is good for me at night. But I did find similar products at CVS for 3 bulbs that only cost half of the price I paid for this products (including shipping fee).I bought two bulbs in the beginning of Oct. One of them is not working all right, specifically with the on/off function. It cannot be turned off without pulling the bateries out. Here is my experience with their customer service. So I contacted the customer service and did get reply the next day, who claimed to send me a replacement after receiving my address. I replied with appreciation and my address. After 3 weeks, I received nothing. Then I send another email request. After 1 week, nobody replied. Then I sent my third request last week. No responce. What makes me disappointed is not the bad bulb, but the guy who made the "false" promise. The one star is for the working bulb, which is what I wanted for my bathroom. The light is not bright, which is good for me at night. But I did find similar products at CVS for 3 bulbs that only cost half of the price I paid for this products (including shipping fee).This boombox is overal excellent.  However it has some flaws. #1-Cant record AM broadcasts without interference I an record FM just fine, but every AM broadcast has a annoying hiss when I record.  This is not good and I wish the problem be fixed in a future upgraded RCA model. #2-Digital volume control has to be on in order to record With analog radio tuner and volume control boomboxes I could dub a CD to tape without the volume blasting.  With this boombox this cannot be done.  The volume must always be blasting if one needs to record. #3-  Tape deck does not auto switch to the next side This is annoying.  But then again few boomboxes do this these days. Overall a great boombox if all you will use it for is CD/tape playing and listening/recording FM.  Listening to AM broadcasts works great, but the recording is another matter.I bought Finale Songwriter to make lead sheets with chord symbols.  It worked well for my project.  I have no complaints.I was not aware until purchasing, that the U3 Smart Drive by Kingston would not run just any software but only certain programs therefore it is mostly useless to me.  However I will use it as a general back up thumb drive.Norton Systemworks / Personal Firewall 2006 Bundle - Works well.  No problems.  An update to the Systemworks program I already had.Good purchase, because it has the right price for my needs, while the similar like Sony etc, they are very expensive.This thing will cut anything but it's awefull loud.  I also wish it had a button to keep it running continually.This modem is good as it has been described. Using it for a month and have not found any problem yet!We hardly used this DVD player & it lasted just long enough to pass the 6 month warranty -- then died.I bought this by reading reviews on here. It is a good product, quite and doing what it supposed to do.Installed and worked great on a HP laptop with Vista.  Feels cheap, a better quality enclosure would make this unit perfect.This replacement filter was better constructed than the original OEM filter provided with the Honeywell room humidifier.  Works exactly as required.I really like the Kingston flash drives. They work in every computer and are immediately accessible when plugged in. No hassles.I tried many FM receivers, none of them really worked well, just way to much statics and makes ipod heard unbearableI have had this printer for a while and we have probably spent more on ink than on the printer, don't buy this printer unless you absolutely can't afford a laser, which will get you a whole lot more prints per cartridge.As others have said, our unit also broke (after 7 months). It could not read the CDs - the usual problem with this product. A JVC repair centre fixed it and we have it back working.  The repair took around one month.does the job fine.  powers through good sized piles of paper.  doesnt cross cut, but for personal use, it is adequate.At last now my business has an accounting  structure and now we have a bookkeeper! I don;t know why I waited that long .... A must for small companies!Gained nothing from this Hi-Gain Antenna. The magnetic base and cable was a benefit when affixed with a common shorty rubber wireless antenna but otherwise too expensive.  I wasted my money.I own the Zen Xtra, thought this was a upgrade, wrong, this unit functions like the ipod, no search function, poor screen vision and after 2 hours it froze had to remove battery to reboot. not what you expect from creative labsAfter reading several reviews of the TuneFM, I was excited about the prospect of listening to my iPod Nano in my car. But I've been pretty disappointed by the product's quality. Even when I can find a frequency that is interference-free, the quality of the sound is pretty bad. Not even FM-quality, in my opinion. Maybe I shouldn't have gotten my hopes up.This DVR works great, but you need to get TIVO for it to work.  I just wanted to have a DVR--which I had before--and without the subscription it is pretty primitive.  Get the subscription with the machine it was a lot cheaper.Bought this card for use in a Windows XP Pro 64 bit machine. Everything installs with out any errors. But the device shows up without a driver in the hardware list.I just ordered this and after one week got a "USB Device Not Recognized" error, same as another user reported above.  Drive will not work on any computer.  It has a lot of nice features but reliability is crucial in a product like this.The range on the phone is less than I had expected it might be. Also, I have had a number of problems with the phone's drivers. I have a new Windows XP setup and more often than not the phone will not respond when I have incoming skype calls. I frequently have to restart my computer to make a call. This is one of those first generation products that probably will get better. One hopes, at least, since it's a good idea.The range on the phone is less than I had expected it might be. Also, I have had a number of problems with the phone's drivers. I have a new Windows XP setup and more often than not the phone will not respond when I have incoming skype calls. I frequently have to restart my computer to make a call. This is one of those first generation products that probably will get better. One hopes, at least, since it's a good idea.I installed Norton Internet Security 2006, March 16, 2006.  During the last few days I have had hang ups, lock ups and couldn't access my mail.  I sent error reports to Microsoft.  Response came back .. Error caused by Client and Host Security Platform (ccapp.exe): contact Symantec Corporation for help. Thank you for submitting an error report. Problem description: The error was likely caused by Client and Host Security Platform (ccapp.exe). Recommendation: Microsoft has researched this problem with Symantec Corporation, and they do not currently have a specific solution for the problem that you reported. For help on Client and Host Security Platform (ccapp.exe), visit the following Symantec Corporation support site. I then proceeded to do everything they said:  run Live Update.. Blah,blah blah... it would just hang up.  As a last resort they tell you to uninstall and reinstall.  OK..did that several times and it's back to ground zero every time.   I've been using Norton Internet Security since 2003 with no problems.    Right now, I'm only running Windows XP firewall while I decide what to do.   You would think with all of us with the same complaint they would come up with a fix.This pathetic printer wend bad after just 20 pages.  First the black color came out only in stripes, then disappeared completely.  Like a fool, I spent $35+ to buy a new black ink cartridge (which won't fit a better printer), only to find that the real problem was internal and could not be fixed.A Christmas present for my electronically-inclined son, but already not working properly.  Not very good instructions for trouble-shooting, either.After less than 1 year of use, the small USB Mini-Receiver broke and now the mouse is ruined.  I will have to order a replacement and I'm sure with shipping it won't be cheap.  Battery life was good because of the "smart" technology, but no matter how 'smart' the thing is, I still need a working receiver!  And the quality of that little piece is horrible, it always wobbled.. and now it is non-functioning.  Logitech made a good mouse, but paired it with an unreasonably cheap Mini-USB Receiver.I purhcased this product because of it's parallel port and USB capabilities. Product was fine and it does what is supposed to do. Unfortunately the HP Laser Jet 3100 (parallel printer) would not work with this device, since HP does not provide just a print driver as such which can be used with the "Add Printer" functionality in Windows. The printer needs HP's all-in-one suite software installed in order to function and thus was not compatible with installation of the 3 port server.I bought these for a small china cabinet. I wanted a light under each shelf to softly light up the inside without having to hook up wiring. I actually hate the light that these create. The beam is VERY concentrated (a small, very distingishable beam. I am not sure what type of application would benefit from a concentrated 2 inch beam of light but anywhere requiring general lighting isn't a good place for these lights. Also, the light it casts is blue-ish (what I guess they meant by bright white?). It is a very unflattering hue-more blue-ish than flourescent. They seem pretty useless to me and are going back today!I bought these for a small china cabinet. I wanted a light under each shelf to softly light up the inside without having to hook up wiring. I actually hate the light that these create. The beam is VERY concentrated (a small, very distingishable beam. I am not sure what type of application would benefit from a concentrated 2 inch beam of light but anywhere requiring general lighting isn't a good place for these lights. Also, the light it casts is blue-ish (what I guess they meant by bright white?). It is a very unflattering hue-more blue-ish than flourescent. They seem pretty useless to me and are going back today!The Windows XP kept crashing my system. The customer support engineer was helpful but provided list of insturctions that anyone would lose patience to try lenghty workaround. Try Kerio, Norton or someone else'sI guess you get what you pay for but Lexmark used to be so much better quality than their printers of late are.  This is the second Lexmark printer(2 different models) that I have purchased only to have to replace them within a year of only light to moderate home use for paper feed problems.   I contacted Lexmark on it and their answer was to open up the printer, clean out the paper feed roller and that I really should be doing this on a regular basis!  What a crock!!   We have several HP printers at work and have used them for years without having to something like this.   Lexmark is getting a reputation in the consumer reports of having paper feed problems.  OK is you want to spend $30 or so and use it for a year and then replace it again.   It prints nice before the paper feed messes up but then it's a totally worthless printer as it won't even let you manually feed the paper in...just won't pick it up no matter what you do.  For $30 I don't think I should have to clean off the print roller with rubbing alcohol every couple weeks like Lexmark tech support recommended.   Will not buy Lexmark ever again after having this happen 2 times on 2 different models now.The ability to switch between handset and base speaker phone with a smooth transition is lovely. Most cordless phones hang up your call when you put the handset back on the base station, but this one does not. When your battery is low on the handset, you can hit the speaker phone button  on the base, place the handset back on the base and continue with your conversation seamlessly while the handset recharges. Thank goodness for "Digital Duplex Speakerphone". I am not sure what that means, but I will never look back! This is perfect for the call that never ends, and you know what I mean by that! There's no need to get a backup battery or handset to have 'just in case'. Other than all that, this phone is cute, functional, and won't take up much space on your desk My only wish is that it shipped with a headset, but those are easy and cheap enough to get a hold of.Before buying a receipt scanner like this, ask yourself how you plan using it. We've used the Visioneer Paperport Scanner for over 10 years for my wife's tax practice.  We scan all documents we get from the clients as backup.  The Visioneer performed well for us.  It was fast.  We never used any character recognition as speed was the key feature we wanted. We had a preXP model so we had to upgrade. This is where we made the mistake of buying the neatreceipts.  We thought it was going to be fast as visioneer.  Even with the character recognition off, it was damn slow.Completely unacceptable.  But in all fairness to neatreceipts, it might be a good scanner for somebody looking for OCR scanner to link to expense reports etc. If you need speed and you have a lot of documents,  sad to say this is not the one. FOr a few receipts each time, maybe OK. So it goes back for a return.This product did not perform as advertised.  Pantone is in the process of replacing this unit with an upgrade which, hopefully will solve the problem.  I understand this product is being taken off the market until their situation is resolved.  Pantone is being very upfront and responsible in this matter.Works real well , no promblems with downloading program info , very basic program. First unit came damaged , but Amazon.com sent me new unit immediately. I was up and running in two days.This is the second pair of these that I have bought, and although they are good headphones they break fairly easily.  I have not had much luck getting my money back for these. Until I get my replacement review stands!!!Its functioning good and good looking, but i think $70 after mail in rebate is not a good cost, other brands are offering 2GB USB flash/travel drive for a lesser cost. but technically its good and i  rate it 8/10Do not be caught with Marketing failures, This printer ships with a color ink cartridge only. The Black and white cartridge is optional....   Wake up HP    Are you going to Nickel and Dime your way out of the printer market.??I recently bought this charger and have been using it for a couple of weeks.  The sound quality that you get from this thing is amazing.  It works really well and it isnt big and clunky like the DLO dock.We've used two high-end Panasonic phones over the last few years and they have been fantastic from a feature-set and quality viewpoint, but their reliability has been suspect. This Uniden phone is cheap, but is a great budget phone that we wholeheartedly recommend. It works well with a VOIP set-up.I purchased this player recently from amazon.com. This is working good until now no probs.Wish sony had made a cordless remote instead of corded one...which makes u feel too many wires!! The velcro that is given to stick the unit is not great.. The cd player keeps falling!! This is a minor issue about the the product, we can use another thing to stick it.. On the whole good one!!!have a nice sound, if you are not listen to high... I buy a pair of rechargable battery and never get off power... play for 4 or 5 hours easy...I bought a sharp lcd tv from j& r in new york last Jan, after a year and half, when powering on the tv, sometimes works, sometimes not. after unplug in, wait for a while and plug back, worked for a couple months. Send it to service center to checkup, was told that the lcd control board needs to be replaced. when request to get back the replaced lcd control board, was told that sharp does not give back the replaced board, it has to be shipped back, otherwise, you have to pay additional fee to get back the replaced board.. it's rather strange to hear such a lousy policy from any vendor.. But, if you do want to get a sharp, better get a long long warranty, it would help down the road.I bought a sharp lcd tv from j& r in new york last Jan, after a year and half, when powering on the tv, sometimes works, sometimes not. after unplug in, wait for a while and plug back, worked for a couple months. Send it to service center to checkup, was told that the lcd control board needs to be replaced. when request to get back the replaced lcd control board, was told that sharp does not give back the replaced board, it has to be shipped back, otherwise, you have to pay additional fee to get back the replaced board.. it's rather strange to hear such a lousy policy from any vendor.. But, if you do want to get a sharp, better get a long long warranty, it would help down the road.I have owned this printer for 6 months. I regret not having returned it to Staples when I first began to have problems which was when I first began to use it. The primary issue for me is paper feed issues. The printer contantly feeds multiple sheets of paper. It is impossibe to print a multiple page document correctly particularly if you want to print double sided. Firmware upgrades etc. have not helped.  I am surprised that HP is still selling this product. If you buy this printer you will regret it!Works as described, could have been cheaper. And the fact that it has AAAA batteries is kind of odd. There just hard to buy at local stores is all. But other than that it works nicely and was a well worthwhile purchase.Becuase I couldn't wait, I went to Best Buy and bought this for 80 bucks. This is FOR SURE faster then my old RCA modem the cable company gave me. However, sometimes I have problems, which my cable company blames on the modem I bought, but they really don't know what the problem. When I'm online, I have no problems except trying to play a game online. I nor the cable company knows what the problem is, so thats why I'm giving it 4 stars, becuase it could be the cable modem. Highly doubtful, but it is a possible.I bought this cable with the hope that it would work with my Zebra Label printer.  The product says that is works with all Parallel printers, well it doesn't.  The only reason it didn't get a 1 star was because it does work with my HP Laserjet printer and it at least detected the Zebra label printer.. it just wouldn't print to it. I tried different USB ports, trying printing directly to the printer, switched to non-bidirectional support.  Nothing seemed to work.The new micro waxes seem to be very difficult to remove. The Turtle Wax ice goes on easy, does not leave white residue but is horrible to get off. You must have and use micro-fiber towels and it is still a pain. The end result is not the smooth wax finish that you get with more conventional waxes. I have given it a fair chance, went through a whole bottle and now I am going back to my old paste and liquid waxes. FYI, other nano waxes seem to be the same, ditch them and use what has worked for decades.I was somewhat disappointed in this product overall. It does bring in better reception on the channels we already could get but it did not bring in another channel we hoped it would. This is a channel we could catch through bunny ears before everything went digital! So, although it has improved our overall watching experience, it did not improve it enough for us to be really happy we purchased this product, although we would not consider returning it, we will likely just add this TV to our sattelite dish and use this product on a bedroom television.I was having a hard time deciding which karaoke player to buy, but liked the sound of a 5 disc changer. I read the reviews, many of which were negative, but decided to try it anyway with the hope that they were wrong.  When it came, it buzzed, clicked, and whirred just like another reviewer had said it would. No matter what I did, it would not play the discs I tried (regular or karaoke). Then, it wouldn't give me my cd back. After some effort (button pressing, shutting it down) it finally gave me back the disc.  Fortunately, I had ordered it from a store and was able to return it--otherwise I would have been stuck with shipping costs.Used for two days, and like everyone said..  Keyboard has a repeat problem eventhough the reciever is RIGHT near it, with brand new batteries.  The mouse feels not so comfy and middle button clicking is very hard. I've used the same mouse before, but I did not know it was this exact mouse, untill I bought it.  Horrific mouse, and keyboard doesn't work when typing fast.  Read other online reviews from other place than Amazon to see its unusefulness. I've stopped using after 2 days.  Keyboard problem exists when using USB or P2 port.  Mouse has its engineering problem.The unit works quite well.  The FM spectum here is pretty crowded but I was able to find 3 frequencies that I could use. It works best when you can find a frequency what is between two other empty slots.  The only weakness is that the volume is somewhat weak and you have to adjust the radio volume up.The light looks great and works fine, but the sticky stuff on the back is not strong enough to hold it in place.  I had to use epoxy glue, which means I will have to break it free when the batteries have to be replaced.  Product needs a few holes in the rim so you can screw it in place.The light looks great and works fine, but the sticky stuff on the back is not strong enough to hold it in place.  I had to use epoxy glue, which means I will have to break it free when the batteries have to be replaced.  Product needs a few holes in the rim so you can screw it in place.The unit never worked out of the box... MP3 files played from CD or USB flash drives skipped continually.  Pyle replaced the unit with another identical unit with the same identical problem.  Pile then replaced the unit with another similar model.  This unit also skips MP3s when played from CD.  The USB works marginally better, but still encounters issues. Do yourself a favor, be kind to your ears and your wallet... DO NOT PURCHASE ANYTHING FROM PYLE AUDIO!!!This is an unbelievably bad thing to buy.  There are so many bad things about it, it is hard to know where to begin...Perhaps the beginning.  Nightmare installation software that warns it can hurt the operating system.  Battery that will not hold a charge even when plugged into cigarette lighter.  Technical support from Calcutta that never once would just answer the most basic questions.  e.g.  Are you breathing?  Please hold sir, while I check into that.  Really bad.Bought these headphones in May 2006 as gift to be used for PC gaming by retired father, On Sept 2006 the Headphones stopped working - Left channel is gone.  Read review in Amazon about more expensive pair (555) having same problem. Currently contacting manufacturer for options. It's incredible that an expensive product such as this would have such a short lifespan.  I've had cheap Sony headphones last for years even tough they had been used and abused outdoors.I hooked up my davx1 unit and it is the worst system I have ever heard, the fm radio will not pick up anything even hooked to cable, I called customer service and they dont know jack sh-- , the tv volume max's out and it is not loud at all, but the dvd and fm are loud, for watching digital or hd tv it sucks unless i bought a bad one but from what sony tells me this is what it does, do not buy this is you want a good home theater sound,  I will gladly change my review if this unit gets corrected but from my experience it is all hook up corectlyThe phototent works great however replacement bulbs are very hard to find. Once the bulbs burn out good luck!We haven't used it yet, but I like how small it is and it seems like it'll work well.Didn't work well with my radio, but I am glad I can use the USB port for my laptop.Well, I received a used open box item with defect from Amazon.  It will go back to Amazon tomorrow.Second Sansa MP3 player in two years that I've purchased that has quit working.  Will not buy another one.The most problem I've faced with this phone That the Caller ID not working and if there is missed call there is no any singe about it! really its very weird! Any other Panasonic phone gonna be better.Replacement filter works well.  Tends to form a bit of mold and musty smell if left sitting in water while humidifier is not running.  I suggest always running your humidifier completely out of water before shutting it off.I like very much this product, only problem that is a big dimention, but to use fixed not problem.Be aware that when you buy this item you do not get a power cord or the USB cord.well they were good head phones but once i had them for about 6 months the little gray part, that covers the buds, had fallen out. it had fallen out about three times before i had lost it.Didn't work well with my radio, but I am glad I can use the USB port for my laptop.Apparently, does not work on Macs for set up. Only for viewing via browser. No excuses these days d-link!This charger is useful when I don't want to connect my Ipod to the computer for charging. Good performanceReceived quickly, but I have not used the product.  I haven't changed my cartridges yet--ordered early--before I need them.okay for  the time being but not enough . Needs to be combined with system mechanic for optimum capacityWhat I love about the product... Good sound quality, nice appearance, good ipod control (with non-included remote) What I hate... The display is way too bright (even on the most dim setting).  The buttons light up on top, which is nice, but they add to the brightness. Overall, I think this is a good product, but unless you like a really bright nightlight in your room at night, plan to cover it up when you sleep.This CPU Fan is great for normal user, but for high performance you need something better. I have a P4 3.0Ghz and if i playing up over the 56?C or 60?C. But if use the PC without high resolution or high graphics and high performance the processor have 33?C or 42?C.Record quality is very good.  DVD progresive is also very good.  Remote control is non responsive.  No TIME back-up when power failure... IT WILL NOT RECORD your programs if any power failure happends. You will have to set the time before it will record again.  For some illogical reason, your programs will remain in memory, but the time will not!??!?!?  Cant understand this, first VCR i know does not have this simple feature and it is frustrating when you record every day.  Imagine if you leave home for a weekend and set to record a final match of your favorite football game, unluckly power failure occurs and your miles away... you simply will not be able to see it or record it....  That is the biggest complaint.  Remote control es really bad too.  Bottons have to be pressed harder then normal, and is not responsive.  Be advised, time will not be permanent and control is unresponsive.  DVD quility is very good.  Recording VCR is also very good.  No component nor digital cables supplied, nor AV.  Only coaxial cheap cable.  I am disapointed.  Very bad SONY....this phone constantly gives the person on the other end of your call a broken conversation. It breaks up like the conductor on the subway and calling Motorola got nowhere - they just do not want to know about itIt a very good phone except I have trouble trying to erase a call that showed up on the caller ID, I press the right or left buttons until the screen has the word end of phone numbers I be pressing the word delete and keeps my finger on it for a while but the calls still won't go away I don't know whats wrong.Tried upgrading from 2005 to 2006, but the activation screen would always freeze before the program could connect to verify. Problem appears to happen quite often when I searched around, but other than making sure all appropriate services and programs were running (and they were) there was no solution. Updating via LIveupdate did not help. EVEN WORSE... when I went back to 2005 the same thing happened, so now both Norton AV 2005 and Norton AV 2006 are useless. Support has been no help. This is a product to stay away from!Cable is 6 feet long as described, and it comes with a mini-CD labeled "DRIVER", but I didn't need it.  I just plugged the cable into my PC (running 64-bit Windows Vista) and Windows immediately recognized it and found a driver.  Then I plugged it into my printer (HP LaserJet 5MP), and Windows automatically added the printer.  So I printed a webpage from Internet Explorer and it printed fine!  Couldn't have been any easier.They're really good batteries, they come in a nice package and look resistent. They last more than normal batteries, plus they're sturdy, and don't look like cheap ones.I just got the DT box to replace 2 tivo series boxes. Basically you get the same box with the excepttion of recording 2 shows. For me was better because now I pay only 1 bill insead for 2 boxes. But tivo has been very slow to release better boxes. If my cable company would have a better box that doesn't crash I'd be using it. Thee box has 2 tuners, HD, more space and etc... Tivo 2 dt is not worth it for new subscribers. But for returning tivo users then yes.electrical short kills cheap-med quality head phones!  i lost four before i figure out the problem. and no, it was not just one player. i returned it and got a new one, and it did the same thing. I gave it a 2 and not a 1 because it records radio very well.DO NOT BUY!I think it has trouble with XP Media Center, I have heard that elsewhere as well. I work for CA, but not on this product.  But I got a free copy for home, so I tried it.  I prefer the McAfee free stuff from Comcast, but the CA one is fine for the second PC.Like all MDT drives, this one is also REFURBISHED (and there's a good reason why refurbished equipment costs considerably less than brand new...just like there are good reasons why consumers should buy from honest vendors who, unlike this one, tell the WHOLE truth!). In short, STAY AWAY! This sellers & his products are BAD NEWS!!!While my daughter liked this, the lights broke the first day, and by the third day the motor was make grinding noises even with new batteries.  It is very poor quality and I would never buy something from The First Years again.I used to really believe in the quality of Epson printers. They provided quick, good quality prints at an affordable price. Not anymore. I bought this for my parents in January and it never worked properly. Wouldn't turn off, computer would scan but not print, had to continually unplug the machine and restart it. Epson's concept of printing contact sheets and photos without a computer is the WORST idea ever. Process is cumbersome, tedious, wastes ink and paper, and basically doesn't work. I sent it back to Epson under warranty and they had the audacity to replace the new CX5800F with a refurb CX5800F. After 2 hours with tech support, the refurb would finally print. Next time I'm buying Canon.I just got a Macbook, my RPHC300 headphones buzz when plugged into it. I don't find the white noise annoying at all, but this new buzz is intolerable. I called Panasonic about this, and entired into their byzantine quagmire phone hell; people asking the same questions then transfering me to someone else.. getting cut off... Panasonic customer service is the WORST! The battery is a real pain, having to remember to turn it off.. Also, noise cancelling headphone are mainly effective at blocking low level constant noise (engines)... Don't expect steallar performance if you want to block loud, irregular noises. Update: the buzzing was due to using a 2 prong instead of 3 prong plug for my Macbook. My fault!My Macbook would not recognize this drive on Firewire. It worked on the USB cable, but I didn't buy it to use with USB, did I? The "knowledge base" on WD's website was no help. The nice customer rep in India immediately offered to send a new Firewire cable (suggesting that they were aware of the problem) but it hasn't arrived in two weeks. My retailer swapped it for a new one which had the same problem. One tech there considered it a "known problem" with Macs. Maybe nice for PCs, but then you could buy a cheaper unit without Firewire. I'm returning it to buy something else.It seemed fine at first, not great since it has to be plugged in and has no remote control.  But after a few weeks of using it, it just stopped working and won't turn on nowThese cartridges are easy to replace in the printer and give good print quality--I just wish they lasted longer!  Amazon vendor has the best price I have been able to find for Canon branded replacement cartridges.I am in the process of my 2nd return.  The CD player is junk.  Our radio worked but am very frustrated- I cannot believe that GE would put ther name on such a piece of trash.Product arrived in timely fashion and worked as advertized.  It is time consuming to start listing in intermedite positions in a long file.  However, the player usually remembers the position when it is stopped and restarted.i dont want to write about this awful webcam. it says it is for notebook, but it does not work with it at all(dv8305us) go to creative official website's forum you will see what i meanI have emailed this to several sites, philips sure screwed the pooch on this one: Thought you might be interested in my problem and possibly inform your readers. Last week a friend of mine ordered the Philips USA DVDR3355 at buy.com which is advertised as playing and recording all media formats(DVD-R/RW & DVD+R/RW). After receiving it, the machine would not recognize DVD-R disks. We consulted the acompaning manual and nowhere did it say it played DVD-R/RW only DVD+R/RW. Thinking it was a problem with the buy.com description we went to the philips website listing for the machine which lists the same specs as the buy.com listing, so we called philips customer support, who after checking with an engineer told us that philips did not manufacture a machine capable of playing or recording DVD-R/RW. Obviously, somebody at philips screwed up really bad. Thanks P.S. Althu Amazon does not advertise it as such, this player should support DVD-R/RW & DVD+R/RW Just got the runaround from Philips supportThe dock is handy. Main reason I wanted it was because I was afraid that I would eventually break the flimsy seeming access hatch to the USB and Charging ports. I have not used the remote control yet.I purchased (2) M240 MP3 players for my kids for Christmas this year. The model seemed to be a good compromise between features and price. Evidently not. Around three weeks after Christmas we started experiencing problems with my son's player. The left channel would only play if he held the player on its side. My daughter's player has stopped playing altogether. We could not power it up without being hooked up to the computer. When it did power up,it would not finish initializing. The menu button did not function, effectively rendering it useless. We are now going through the process of dealing with the SanDisk helpline,doing every stupid thing they ask us to try. They have authorized us to return my son's player for a replacement, and we are still working toward that end with my daughter's. Hopefully they will last longer than the first pair. I have read about a lot of these players that were bought around Christmas failing. One silver lining to this story is that my son is getting his first experience dealing with phone support lines. He is really getting a baptism in fire.The Mount is very well made and functions great.  The install instructions could be simpler and more complete.  The product arrived with the plastic parts used to cover wires broken.  The parts were promised to be replaced and shipped right out by customer service at the retailer I purchased from, HOWEVER, I never have recieved them.  The mount looked as if it were repackaged and may have been used or opened before.  I'd have rated it five stars had the parts been replaced as promised.This weather alert radio would be great, except that it constantly sounds the alert tone, flashes the warning light, and displays "RADIO RECEPTION ERROR-LISTEN TO BROADCAST" on the screen.  This happens several times a week, when there are NO alerts being broadcast. As a result, this product is unusable and will be returned.This weather alert radio would be great, except that it constantly sounds the alert tone, flashes the warning light, and displays "RADIO RECEPTION ERROR-LISTEN TO BROADCAST" on the screen.  This happens several times a week, when there are NO alerts being broadcast. As a result, this product is unusable and will be returned.Got this to for more space than my 512MB Cruzer Flash Drive had.  Very nice; even works on low-power buses, which my 512MB wouldn't do.  It came formatted for DOS, so couldn't get long (Mac) file names on it until I realized the problem and reformatted it (in "Disk Utility" with OS X).I have used NAV for years.  It has been a standard program on my eight computers.  NAV has saved me many times from disaster.  It runs seamlessly in the background, and does not slow things to any noticable degree.  NAV has never frozen, and has no adverse affects that I have ever experienced.TV set ran okay for 13 months with minimum usage and the lamp burned, which cost about $300 to replace. Toshiba advertised that its lamp would last over 8500 hours, what a liar. Google Toshiba DLP lamp problem, you will find it is a very common known issue for Toshiba TVs. $300/year for lamps is too expensive. DO NOT buy Toshiba.Sabrent SBT-UPPC USB to Parallel 6-Foot Printer Cable Purchased this item to use between Windows Vista and an Epson LQ-870 printer. Cable does not work. Cheaper model than the Belkin and I should have purchased the Belkin. That cable does work. Sorry Amazon...afterall it is only money!We bought two of these lights to go inisde our daughter's playhouse to make it brighter while she plays.  Unfortunately, the lights didn't stick well and were entirely too bright and focused.  They don't illuminate, rather spotlight, which was not what we were looking for at all.We bought two of these lights to go inisde our daughter's playhouse to make it brighter while she plays.  Unfortunately, the lights didn't stick well and were entirely too bright and focused.  They don't illuminate, rather spotlight, which was not what we were looking for at all.I use it for my XPS M1530 which gets really hot while playing CS:S This thing brings down around 3 to 4 degrees down. I usually use external display and keyboard mouse so placing it under CPU went does not create any adjustment related problem for me.I bought one of these for myself in September.  It is still fantastic.  However, I bought one for my son in early January.  The power button broke.  So, we RMA'ed the unit and got a replacement.  The replacement is now frozen.  Working with SanDisk to troubleshoot it, but it looks like it's going back as well! What happened?  This was such a great player.  Guess SanDisk is having quality issues.Unit worked flawlessly for about 5 months after purchase; Purchase the unit in January/2006. However, it just stopped working. The DVD door does not open at all. It reads open, close, load, but the door never opens. It attempts to load, but of course, there isn't a DVD in there. When working, it is a pretty good unit; however, buyers beware. There is something wrong with this unit. Like others, was totally satisfied in the beginning; but the beginning came to an abrupt ending. Beware. Beware. Beware.Big lie. Not suitable over 20 watts. Big lieI installed this product and got it configured.  Everything was working properly, both on the LAN and over the Internet.  After a week, the device was no longer visible on the network (LAN nor Internet).  The D-Link configuration program could not see it on the LAN, it could not be pinged, and following the instructions to reset the device and restore the factory defaults did not resolve the problem.  D-Link's support, which is based in India, was not helpful and could not understand that the camera was physically 3,000 miles away from where I was.Bought a cordless notebook laser mouse by another manufacturer which worked thought a regular size cordless laser mouse would be even better.  Wrong, like the other Logitech cordless mice I have had it tracks erratically, and can not be used near other cordless products.  Do not plug receiving unit in the back of a PC because it will not track at all (only a maximum of three feet.)  Do not waste your money on a cordless mouse from Logitech especially if used for games.I've owned these headsets for just over a month now.  The padding on the ear cuffs keeps coming off and it is impossible to put it back on properly.  I mostly just rely on the headset pressure (which is not bad) to hold them in place while wearing.  The active noise cancellation does indeed work, but it really is no big deal (on this headset or any other).  I never really even bother to turn it on anymore.  Then general sound quality seems fair enough.We bought our first pair when we lived in New York City - it was a big investment for us - as rent is so large there!  We received the second pair as a gift.  BOTH PAIRS BROKE! AT THE EAR PIECE...  We're leaving Bose for Audio Technica and from the massive amount positive reviews there - lower price and better construction - we're excited to head to a new world of better quality and lower prices! Don't buy BOSE unless you don't want quality and longevity!  Bose knows about this and doesn't care because they are getting away with fraud!Works fine with SD cards but Siig support confirmed an issue I was having regarding xD media not mounting on Mac OS X... We did not market this reader/writer for Mac because of compatibility issues with xD cards in the Mac, there is no fix for this issue. However, we will update to a different version soon that will be fully compatible in Mac OS 10.4.7 or later.good cooker, very functional, works well, been using it for a year and never had a problem.I returned the first monitor with power problems.  Unless held just right the power supply to the receiver failed.  The second unit has even more problems.  Any subtle movement near the transmitter causes a loud crack from the receiver.  The antenna is loose and reflects any movement to the microphone through it's rattling.  The receiver has steadily picked up more and more static from it's power source.  After three weeks the only way we can get even marginal reception is to use batteries.  If the box and receipt had not been thrown away this unit would be returned as well.  I'm purchasing a new (different brand) monitor and will consider crushing this unit and sending it to the manufacturer to let them know how I feel about their products.  "Fisher Price" is for toy's not electronics.Very disappointing product.  Produces very poor quality music transmission even when placed in contract with the radio.Works great for someone who has had trouble getting other straps to pick up HR.  Great product.Check this one out.  It is nice, slim and shiny like a silver box with FM radio.It never work properly. I rate it with one star cause I had no other less choice.NOT VISTA COMPATIBLE I should have read the reviews. They will take it back, less a $4.50 restocking fee, I have to take Amazon credit.  Oh well, I could have been out more $.this device work pretty good on my pda phone i dont have any problem with this itemWorks well, radio has good reception. Shortcoming is inability to fast forward more than a few minutes.This product generates enough light to help you find it in a dark closet but little else.Baby slides down when incline pad is inserted while removed baby's head is hitting the head board.If you ever plan on using vista, do not buy this otherwise good monitor. I upgraded to Vista and the display is fuzzy. I will now have to downgrade back to XP. If you are buying this new do not do so if you ever plan to run vista on it.it is hard to rate this product. considering the lcd screen does not work. this is the condition of the unit right out of the box. will update review when finished with customer service.Just out of the box and the right speaker had distortion noises on certain notes/pitches of music.I use it just for the Digital Audio.  I have had no problems. It works very well.This product generates enough light to help you find it in a dark closet but little else.Will buy from this seller again, speedy delivery. Well done, that's what I call good customer servicei can hardly wait for a re-fill kit for this product as the cost is somewhat high.Although it says that this works for ALL versions of Photoshop it does not upgrade from Photoshop Elements.  I spoke with customer service and they would not give me the code to unlock it.Apparently the problem was only with some of the headphones as some report no cracking problems. Ether way logitech  will replace all headphones with defective bands. See this link: [...] I bought a pair today and i will update this if i ever have problems, so far i am vary satisfied.I have bought from BargainCell before and was very pleased with what I got. came normal speed, not very high quality (i bought usb cable and charger for my cell phone) but it was great for the price (98 cents) I am only writing this review in reply to other replyI bought the "Frequently Bought Together" link so that I could have 4 CR123A batteries.  The charger arrived with the batteries in place.  Charged for three hours, the green light never turned off so I put them in my flashlight and they did not work.  I put the additional two batteries in the charger and two hours later they exploded, leaking all over my counter and the charger.  I have sent them back for a refund.  I am look at the Hi-Tech charger for about $55 but it comes with 4 batteries and a USB charging cable.  DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.Great product.  Garmin stuff just keeps getting better and better. But the promised $50 rebate was missing.Works well enough, although it seems to be challenged by multiple accounts with same credit card bank.This card reader was very cheap and works great. I have not had any problems with it.Have it 1 week. Looks and feels well made. Battery life 2.5 hrs. Good value. No problemsI like the phone for the blackberry technology.  I have had the following problems with this piece of equipment: - Track wheel is prone to sticking and even breaking making the phone very difficult to use - Volume level for ear and ringtone is very low, even at its highest level.I got this upgrade to better track my 401k and I wish I hadn't. I've been a loyal Quicken user for almost ten years and I would discourage anyone from getting this version. The screens are way too busy, the functionality is too complicated, and the help section just leads you around in circles. I have a business degree so I understand the basics of accounting, but you'd have to be a CPA to understand this. Either that or it's just bad programming. Keep the packaging if you get it, you'll need it to return it. I know, I've tried.OK, lots of nice features, but when it comes down to basic functions its unacceptable. Unles you are in an absolutely quiet room (no kids running around, no TV, etc.) the handset volume is too low to hear. The ringer and speaker phone volumes are fine, but not the handset volume. Back it goes...Cons: -Middle-click does not work, it is basically broken design and hard to click -Buttons will stop working if there's 3 1/2 or more space from the mouse and receiver. -A little long Pros: -Ergonomic -Responsive -Multiple buttons that are easy to re-program (makes up for bad middle-click) -Good battery life -Invisible optic is nice and doesn't distract people when using it in public -Looks niceSabrent SBT-UPPC USB to Parallel 6-Foot Printer Cable did not work with Windows Vista on two serial printers: HP LaserJet III and Epson Stylus Photo 820. It does work with Vista and a brand new Brothers HL5250DN. This monchrome laserjet has a serial port connection, so I used the Sabrent SBT-UPPC USB to Parallel 6-Foot Printer Cable to connect it to the CPU. This saved me the cost of buying another USB cable. In hindsight I should have simply bought a new printer, the day I bought my new computer.We have had this system for 2 years now.  Its going in the trash.  Everyone of the chargers (3 and main unit )have quit.  We have replaced the batteries but to no avail they won't work. The new batteries worked for about 3 months and now we again get the "Check Battery" message.  To be fair, we are beginning to wonder about a lightning issue but nothing else has been affected. On another note from day one the reception in my studio in the back yard has not been great. I have to step out on to the back porch to get good reception.  The prior phone was better. We won't be buying ATT again.I received the bundle but there is no installation key for Shade LE. I noticed the someone else's review stating this same problem is no longer visible so I figured I'd post it again.The keyboard looks really cool and it illuminates fine. The keys are a bit too firm (hopefully they will soften up a bit with use). Some of the keys are already sticking and I have only had it for like a week. The backspace key is small and awkward. Overall I am fine with my purchase, I just have to get used to the oddly-sized keys.I've had my Sansa c140 for just over a year. Several times it has locked up, and I've managed to get it working again. Now it won't connect to my computer, all text is missing from the menus, and tech support isn't responding. (Being out of warranty, they probably won't.) From what I've seen, this is a common problem, with no fix posted. Personally, I will avoid Sansa products in the future. I will certainly NOT buy another one of these!We purchased this thinking the Fisher-Price name would mean it was a good product.  It worked ok for the first couple of months, but then suddenly the static got really loud to the point we had to turn it all the way up to hear my daughter crying.  The static was very loud, there were often loud clicks, and our cell phones and wireless internet seemed to constantly cause loud beeping. We just purchased a Graco iMonitor and couldn't be happier.This weather radio is plagued with problems.  It appears to have design flaws or poor quality control.  I have returned these units several times only to get another with still different problems.  This is ashame.  The intent in the design appears to have been superb, but yet the resulting product is plagued with problems, such as, not receiving the NOAA test signals or alerts, not receiving the NIST clock signal, going off in the middle of the night with "Radio Reception Error - Listen to Broadcast", and no solution except to unplug the radio and remove the batteries.  Getting replacement units from the manufacturer or returns to seller does not correct the problem.  I have given up on the WX-268.This weather radio is plagued with problems.  It appears to have design flaws or poor quality control.  I have returned these units several times only to get another with still different problems.  This is ashame.  The intent in the design appears to have been superb, but yet the resulting product is plagued with problems, such as, not receiving the NOAA test signals or alerts, not receiving the NIST clock signal, going off in the middle of the night with "Radio Reception Error - Listen to Broadcast", and no solution except to unplug the radio and remove the batteries.  Getting replacement units from the manufacturer or returns to seller does not correct the problem.  I have given up on the WX-268.I have used Norton/Symantec products for over a decade. Over the last couple of years, I have struggled with Norton/Symantec products in and out. Most computers we purchased came with Norton Internet Security installed from factory (DELL -- yet another BIG disapointment!). We went along with it... but the hassle, the errors, the crashes, are just not worth it. At this moment, I am cleaning ALL computers we work with, of ALL Norton and Symantec products and will NEVER go back to ANY. It gets 1 star because I cannot give it less! I would if I could! The last drop that made me decide to abandon Norton/Symantec for good, was our machines stating to fail one after the other with this same error: Stop:c0000221 Unknown Hard Error ENOUGH IS ENOUGH. AVG is FREE and with Zone Alarm Pro, does a perfect job! RIP, Norton/Symantec!Much better than apple. MP3 player is supposed to perform and they should not be judged by their looks. Apple may look good, but this performs a lot better. Esp the battery.Much better than apple. MP3 player is supposed to perform and they should not be judged by their looks. Apple may look good, but this performs a lot better. Esp the battery.I recently purchased refilled cartridges to use in my printer, hoping to save a few bucks.  They did not work at all with my printer, and the savings was not enough to justify the hassle.  From now on, I will only buy new Canon cartridges.We bought the Xtreme 320 holder.  The zipper broke within weeks!  This means you can't carry or store the thing unless it's flat.  So, basically the money we spent on it is in the toilet.  Guess you get what you pay for.  We'll be buying a quality case now.This DVD worked for only a month. That may be why they have only a 3-month warranty. Also, the RCA VCR that I bought (just before the DVD player failed) never worked.Hardly used the camcorder.  No longer works.  It doesn't register a signal and shows a lens cap error even when the lens cap is off.  What a disgrace.  My last JVC product.it was not what i was expecting... but still ok... probably 96kbps... quality... still all right for the price... but if u want something with 320kbps quality... do not buy this product...Quality product that is easy to use, right out of the box, convenient, and with good sound quality. No, not like an expensive stereo system, but like a good, strong radio station.Good product but, the wire connection needs improvement.  This is a solid product except for how the wire connects to the plugs.   The sound is excellent for the price of this product.We decided to try and save some money by buying refurbished MP3 players for the kids. Both died within four days of having gotten them. No real reason found for the failures, they just flat stopped working. Not recommended to anyone that they buy refurbished stuff. Save up the money and buy a good quality new one. You truly get what you pay for.This scanner has worked fine for me.  Not terribly slow, and will scan to PDF, which has come in handy.  Compact, and fairly quiet.  No problems with software using Windows XP Pro.Not a user friendly program.  Requires a good understanding of business accounting. Difficult for beginners.  Does not come with a comprehensive "how to" manual.  But still, it is a good accounting program.After I purchased Live Ultra Notebook for someone else, I found that the webcam has no driver for Windows Vista. On the Creative web site, it is said that no development is planed for Live Ultra Notebook. The camera works well on Windows XP, but it doesn't sound right to me for Creative to sell this webcam and not to provide a Vista driver.this company has one of the absolute best customer service departments I have ever experienced on the web...period! They are in my top 5 retail web businesses. BUY FROM THEM WITH CONFIDENCE!I really liked the player until today when it "locked up" on me.  The display is frozen and the back light is on.  It doesn't respond to any buttons and removing the battery doesn't fix the problem.  Basically, its just junk now. You might think something like this would work for more then the 20 hours I used it.  I've seen other reviews where people have reported exaclty the same problem.  Don't buy it.Works well, but I bought it for the novelty of size and shape rather than performance.  If performance were my only criteria, I probably would have bought something else. I like that it is charged through a USB cable, and I don't need to replace batteries, but I wish the battery life was a little longer.This cable was exactly what I needed to connect my new Dell computer to my old HP Laser Jet printer.  All I had to do was plug it in and click print!I already know the fabulous new features of Photoshop CS2.  I have Creative Suite CS Premium.  I purchased this upgrade for Photoshop to gain the new features.  After several attempts in trying to install this software, I called Adobe, only to learn that this Photoshop CS2 upgrade does NOT work with the full version of Creative Suite CS....period !!!  No where on their packaging is there such a caution.  It says it is compatable with all versions of Photoshop.  Funny...I have Photoshop CS in my Creative Suite Premium package...but guess what??....so what....it don't work !!!!  I've waisted $140.00, and am not gonna spend $744.00 for Creative Suite CS2 Upgrade !!!!!!A choice of 0 stars should be available! We have used Norton for many years. The NIS 2006 caused all kinds of problems. First my computer slowed down...then stopped. We had to remove and re-install all programs, including Windows XP. Norton customer service was no help. Thanks to Dell Computers customer service, we are almost back to normal after 5 days of work. Tax software and clients' data going back 7 years, QuickBooks, Quicken were all at risk. Fortunately, we had everything backed up on an external drive. We will never use or recommend Norton again! If Norton's customer service had been more courteous and helpful, we might not have come to this decision. El-Amin Business Services Richmond, VirginiaI have bought two of these handsets (reconditioned) for my Panasonic 5.8 GHz phone system. The handsets have some fancy features that I haven't used. But as wireless handsets, they work well.This program worked just fine until the last update.  Now the firewall prevents me from using Outlook Express.  Any attempt by me to fix this problem results in lockup.  Their website is completely useless.  I've tried the easy, automatic way, and the manual method. Both methods result in lockup. My computer never used to lockup! I have to disable my firewall just to get email. Time to uninstall and find another product.  Please, save yourself the aggravation and try something else.I received this DVD Recorder with a defective remote controller, so I have been unable to use it (no timer recording, no finalizing a disk).  I have now spent three weeks communicating with automated voice mail trying to find out how to get the remote controller replaced, and sent five email messages, that have resulted only in receipt of another telephone number, resulting in no help.  If anybody knows how to penetrate Panasonic's customer service morass, I would be eternally gratefulI received this DVD Recorder with a defective remote controller, so I have been unable to use it (no timer recording, no finalizing a disk).  I have now spent three weeks communicating with automated voice mail trying to find out how to get the remote controller replaced, and sent five email messages, that have resulted only in receipt of another telephone number, resulting in no help.  If anybody knows how to penetrate Panasonic's customer service morass, I would be eternally gratefulWe've never had a problem with it playing cds, even burned ones. We've had this unit for a year, use it multiple times a day, and the only complaint I have is that the remote control doesn't have a strong enough magnet to stay attached to the radio. But we never use the remote anyway. Radio stations work fine, AM and FM ones. The radio in it works better than our $300 Sony Home CD player, when it comes to the Christian radio station I listen to, that has a weaker signal than most music stations.We love this product, however, it isn't even 6 months old yet and the battery is dead.  Unlike the directions, we never recieved a low battery warning.  We are planning on replacing it with a different brand...love the concept but have had problems with Infant Summer products.Returned battery due to receiving a generic battery and not a Dell which would've voided my Dell warranty.  Also not fair that I didn't receive a full refund, don't think c/s got back to me either.  I am very hesistant with buying name brand merchandise from amazon.I've been looking for a compact, reliable CD player / radio for my office. This model is just what I was looking for.  Because it's digital, it doesn't slip off the station when I'm listening to the radio.  The sound quality is just fine for my purpose.Like the product..Hard case..recharges & stores the I-Pod..Good speakers..travels well...Only complaint is that I did not receive any paper work with the product. No instructions or warrenty ..I called the seller & was put off being told they just order it & it ships from the MFG.After having this laptop for 60 days, it completely self-destructed.  A tech went through HP to fix it, and they said the hard-drive was bad and would ship us a new one in 2 days. A week went by, no hard-drive. We called HP back asking for the missing hard-drive, they said it was because that hard-drive is on back-order indefinitely. We asked if that was because everyone was having a problem and they were having to ship them out faster than they could make them, and they admitted "Yes, there is a problem with this hard-drive model, so we don't have enough" And of course, Amazon is unwilling to let us exchange for a new laptop because we are past the "30 day maximum" with them.  So we are just out a computer. Bad service, bad product. Do not buy!I got these headphones based on the positive reviews here; however, I can't say I'm impressed.  They work well as headphones regular headphones, but the noise cancelation is mediocre. When I got the RP-HC300s, I put in the battery and turned them on.  While there was some reduction of external noise, it was nowhere near what I had expected. Thinking that I had done something wrong, I turned to the booklet that accompanied the unit.  There I found that Panasonic claims that the RP-HC300s reduce ambient noise by "up to 1/8th" (13%).  Had I known this, I never would have bought this product -- unfortunately, the only place that it says this is in the documentation inside the packaging. Having experienced the lackluster performance of the RP-HC300, I understand why the Bose QC2s command such a high price.  I'm returning these and going with the in-ear Sennheiser CX 300.  They're noise blocking, rather than active noise canceling, but they cut out a lot more than these do. I won't say that these are a bad pair of headphones -- I've had much worse, but I don't think they're worth anywhere near what they cost.